

abandoned+A: rash used 
abbreviated+A: concise LengthShort 

abluent+1: chemical 
abluent+2: wash 
abluent+N: chemical 
abluent+V: wash 

aborticide+1: cease 
aborticide+2: medicine 
aborticide+N: medicine 
aborticide+V: cease 

abradant+1: material 
abradant+2: PerformanceValue 
abradant+N: material 
abradant+A: PerformanceValue 

abrasive+1: material 
abrasive+2: PerformanceValue 
abrasive+N: material 
abrasive+A: PerformanceValue 

abridgement+1: compile 
abridgement+2: publications 
abridgement+V: compile 
abridgement+N: publications 

absorbent+1: able 
absorbent+2: chemical 
absorbent+A: able 
absorbent+N: chemical 

abstergent+1: able 
abstergent+2: chemical 
abstergent+A: able 
abstergent+N: chemical 

abstinence+1: restrain 
abstinence+2: time 
abstinence+V: restrain 
abstinence+N: time 

abstract+1: abstract 
abstract+2: text 
abstract+A: abstract 
abstract+N: text 

abstractionism+1: inanimate 
abstractionism+2: human 

absurdist+1: human nt 
absurdist+2: wrong perF 
absurdist+N: human nt 
absurdist+A: wrong perF 

accelerate+1: SpeedUp 
accelerate+2: urge 
acceptance+1: accept 
acceptance+2: detain 

accessary+1: secondary 
accessary+2: human 
accessary+A: secondary 
accessary+N: human 

acclaim+1: praise 
acclaim+2: cry 

accommodation+1: provide 
accommodation+2: place 
accommodation+V: provide 
accommodation+N: place 

accompaniment+1: follow 
accompaniment+2: physical 
accompaniment+V: follow 
accompaniment+N: physical 

accouchement+1: doctor 
accouchement+2: process 
accouchement+V: doctor 
accouchement+N: process 

accountability+1: bear perF 
accountability+2: duty perF 
accountability+V: bear perF 
accountability+N: duty perF 

accumulate+1: BecomeMore 
accumulate+2: ComeTogether 
accusation+1: accuse 
accusation+2: ExpressAgainst 
accuse+1: accuse 
accuse+2: ExpressAgainst 

ace+1: BestQuality 
ace+2: human 
ace+V: BestQuality 
ace+N1: BestQuality 
ace+N2: human 

acerb+1: sour 
acerb+2: unfriendly perF 
acerbic+1: sour 
acerbic+2: unfriendly 
ache+1: painful 
ache+2: expect 

achievement+1: accomplishment 
achievement+2: fulfil 
achievement+N: accomplishment 
achievement+V: fulfil 

acid+1: sour 
acid+2: chemical 
acid+A: sour 
acid+N: chemical 

acidulous+1: sour 
acidulous+2: unfriendly 

acquaintance+1: human withWhom 
acquaintance+2: associate withWhom 
acquaintance+N: human withWhom 
acquaintance+V: associate withWhom 

acquire+1: obtain 
acquire+2: study 
acquisition+1: obtain 
acquisition+2: study 
action+1: fact 
action+2: respond 
adapt+1: fit 
adapt+2: compile 
adaptation+1: fit 
adaptation+2: compile 
adder+1: software 
adder+2: beast 

additive+1: add 
additive+2: chemical 
additive+A: add 
additive+N: chemical 

address+1: speak 
address+2: propose 
adhere+1: obey 
adhere+2: fasten 

adhesive+1: sticky 
adhesive+2: material 
adhesive+A: sticky 
adhesive+N: material 

adiposis+1: disease 
adiposis+2: fat 
adiposis+N: disease 
adiposis+A: fat 

adjunct+1: part artifact 
adjunct+2: human 
adjuster+1: tool 
adjuster+2: human 
adjutant+1: grant 
adjutant+2: human 
administer+1: manage 
administer+2: issue 

administrative+1: affairs 
administrative+2: institution 
administrative+A: affairs 
administrative+N: institution 

admission+1: admit 
admission+2: GoInto 
admit+1: admit 
admit+2: include 

admittedly+A: true 

admixture+1: mix 
admixture+2: thing 
admixture+V: mix 
admixture+N: thing 

admonition+1: persuade 
admonition+2: text 
admonition+V: persuade 
admonition+N: text 

adolescent+1: AgeValue 
adolescent+2: human 
adolescent+A: AgeValue 
adolescent+N: human 

adoption+1: foster 
adoption+2: accept 

adornment+1: decorate 
adornment+2: tool 
adornment+V: decorate 
adornment+N: tool 

adsorbent+1: chemical 
adsorbent+2: inhale 
adsorbent+N: chemical 
adsorbent+V: inhale 

adult+1: adult 
adult+2: human 
adult+A: adult 
adult+N: human 

adulteration+1: forge 
adulteration+2: mix 

adulterine+1: immoral 
adulterine+2: human 
adulterine+A: immoral 
adulterine+N: human 

advance+1: succeed 
advance+2: urge 
adverse+1: disadvantageous 
adverse+2: discordant 
advisory+1: human 
advisory+2: information 
aerate+1: clean 
aerate+2: feed 

aerial+1: insubstantial 
aerial+2: location 
aerial+A: insubstantial 
aerial+N: location 

affirm+1: admit 
affirm+2: speak 
affirmation+1: admit 
affirmation+2: speak 

affix+1: include 
affix+2: part expression 
affix+V: include 
affix+N: part expression 

affluent+1: rich 
affluent+2: waters 
affluent+A: rich 
affluent+N: waters 

affray+1: MakeTrouble 
affray+2: quarrel withWhom 
affront+1: damage 
affront+2: offend 
Afghan+1: human whereFrom 
Afghan+2: language 
afield+1: disobey 
afield+2: far 

African+1: human whereFrom 
African+2: earth loc 
African+N: human whereFrom 
African+A: earth loc 

Afrikaans+1: human 
Afrikaans+2: language 
aftereffect+1: Effectivity 
aftereffect+2: fact 
afterglow+1: emotion 
afterglow+2: lights 
afterlife+1: Living 
afterlife+2: time perF 
aftermath+1: result 
aftermath+2: fact 

age+1: Age 
age+2: grow 
age+N: Age 
age+V: grow 

aged+1: aged 
aged+2: human 
aged+A: aged 
aged+N: human 

ageing1: aged 
ageing2: decline 
agent+N1: human 
agent+N2: thing 

agglutinate+1: fasten 
agglutinate+2: StateChange 
agglutination+1: fact 
agglutination+2: fasten 

agglutination+1: fact 
agglutination+2: fasten 
agglutination+N: fact 
agglutination+V: fasten 

agglutinative+1: fasten 
agglutinative+2: StateChange 
aggrandisement+1: boast 
aggrandisement+2: MakeBetter 
aggrandize+1: BecomeMore 
aggrandize+2: boast 
aggrandizement+1: boast 
aggrandizement+2: MakeBetter 
aggravate+1: irritate 
aggravate+2: ize 

aggregate+1: Amount 
aggregate+2: ComeTogether 
aggregate+N: Amount 
aggregate+V: ComeTogether 

aggressively+1: autocratic 
aggressively+2: fierce 
agile+1: clever 
agile+2: fast 
agitatedly+1: bustling 
agitatedly+2: EmotionalityValue 
agitation+1: mix 
agitation+2: urge 
agitator+1: human 
agitator+2: machine 
agnostic+1: human 
agnostic+2: irrelevant 
agonize+1: CauseToDo 
agonize+2: upset 
agony+1: experience 
agony+2: misfortunate 
agreeable+1: peaceful 
agreeable+2: suitable 
agreeably+1: harmonious 
agreeably+2: peaceful 
agricultural+1: affairs 
agricultural+2: RoleValue 
ah+1: FuncWord 
ah+2: sound 
ahead+1: InFront 
ahead+2: location 
aid+1: fact 
aid+2: help 
aim+1: AimAt 
aim+2: purpose 
Airbnb+1: InfoCarrier 
Airbnb+2: InstitutePlace 
airborne+1: GoDown 
airborne+2: location 
airbrush+1: decorate 
airbrush+2: tool 
airs+1: Behavior 
airs+2: Grace 
airway+1: InstitutePlace 
airway+2: route 
akin+1: alike 
akin+2: lineal 
alacrity+1: active 
alacrity+2: fast 
alarm+1: PayAttention 
alarm+2: persuade 
album+1: account 
album+2: tool 
alchemy+1: Intimacy 
alchemy+2: knowledge 
alcoholic+1: human 
alcoholic+2: PropertyValue 
alertness+1: aspiration 
alertness+2: experience 
Algerian+1: human 
Algerian+2: RelatingToCountry 
alibi+1: exist 
alibi+2: refute 
alienate+1: give 
alienate+2: separate 
aline+1: ally 
aline+2: MakeEqual 
alive+1: alive 
alive+2: animate 
allegation+1: accuse 
allegation+2: text 
allegory+1: expression 
allegory+2: text 
alliance+1: ally 
alliance+2: community 
allied+1: ally 
allied+2: intimate 
allies+1: army 
allies+2: human 
allocate+1: arrange 
allocate+2: dispatch 
allocation+1: dispatch 
allocation+2: issue 
allow+1: agree 
allow+2: CauseToDo 
alloy+1: metal 
alloy+2: produce 
allurement+1: Ability 
allurement+2: entice 
ally+1: ally 
ally+2: human 
almond+1: fruit 
almond+2: part 
alone+1: alone 
alone+2: lonely 
aloof+1: arrogant 
aloof+2: unsociable 
alternation+1: BeAcross 
alternation+2: replace 
alto+1: sound 
alto+2: SoundVolume 
altogether+1: all 
altogether+2: FuncWord 
alveolar+1: part 
alveolar+2: sound 
AM+1: time 
AM+2: Width 
amalgamate+1: merge 
amalgamate+2: mix 
amaranth+1: part 
amaranth+2: vegetable 
amass+1: assemble 
amass+2: gather 
amateur+1: human 
amateur+2: temporary 
amazement+1: fear 
amazement+2: surprise 
ambience+1: location 
ambience+2: Occasion 
ambiguity+1: information 
ambiguity+2: Lucidity 
ambiguous+1: information 
ambiguous+2: vague 
ambitious+1: difficult 
ambitious+2: resolute 
ambitiousness+1: Ambitiousness 
ambitiousness+2: Easiness 
ambush+1: army 
ambush+2: fact 
amendment+1: amend 
amendment+2: readings 
America+1: earth 
America+2: place 
amethyst+1: inanimate 
amethyst+2: material 
amiable+1: amiable 
amiable+2: gentle 
amiably+1: amiable 
amiably+2: modest 
amiss+1: abnormal 
amiss+2: wrong 
amity+1: harmonious 
amity+2: human 
ammoniate+1: chemical 
ammoniate+2: ize 
amnesty+1: exempt 
amnesty+2: text 
amorous+1: lascivious 
amorous+2: passionate 
amortization+1: return 
amortization+2: weaken 
amphitheatre+1: facilities 
amphitheatre+2: InstitutePlace 
amplitude+1: Length 
amplitude+2: Range 
amuse+1: joyful 
amuse+2: please 
amylum+1: chemical 
amylum+2: material 
anagram+1: fact 
anagram+2: recreation 
analgesic+1: medicine 
analgesic+2: restrain 
analogy+1: CompareTo 
analogy+2: expression 
analytic+1: analyze 
analytic+2: PropertyValue 
anaphylactic+1: disease 
anaphylactic+2: easy 
anathematise+1: discharge 
anathematise+2: ExpressAgainst 
anatomy+1: knowledge 
anatomy+2: split 
anchorage+1: facilities 
anchorage+2: stay 
angelic+1: benevolent 
angelic+2: humanized 
angelical+1: benevolent 
angelical+2: humanized 
anger+1: angry 
anger+2: emotion 
Angolan+1: human 
Angolan+2: RelatingToCountry 
angrily+1: BehaviorValue 
angrily+2: fierce 
angry+1: angry 
angry+2: EmotionalityValue 
animation+1: CauseToLive 
animation+2: interesting 
anise+1: material 
anise+2: tree 
aniseed+1: crop 
aniseed+2: material 
ankylosis+1: paralyse 
ankylosis+2: phenomena 
annalistic+1: PatternValue 
annalistic+2: readings 
annex+1: occupy 
annex+2: part 
annexation+1: merge 
annexation+2: occupy 
annotation+1: explain 
annotation+2: text 
announcement+1: announce 
announcement+2: information 
annoyance+1: emotion 
annoyance+2: MakeWorried 
annoyed+1: angry 
annoyed+2: upset 
annual+1: AttachmentValue 
annual+2: FrequencyValue 
annul+1: cease 
annul+2: exempt 
anodyne+1: medicine 
anodyne+2: restrain 
anoint+1: appoint 
anoint+2: congratulate 
anoxia+1: disease 
anoxia+2: lack 
antagonism+1: fight 
antagonism+2: Property 
antecedents+1: document 
antecedents+2: Source 
antedate+1: CauseToMove 
antedate+2: ExistAppear 
antenna+1: part 
antenna+2: tool 
antibacterial+1: able 
antibacterial+2: kill 
antibiotic+1: able 
antibiotic+2: medicine 
anticipate+1: buy 
anticipate+2: predict 
anticipation+1: aspiration 
anticipation+2: predict 
anticoagulant+1: able 
anticoagulant+2: medicine 
antidiarrheal+1: medicine 
antidiarrheal+2: restrain 
antifungal+1: able 
antifungal+2: medicine 
antimicrobial+1: able 
antimicrobial+2: chemical 
antimicrobic+1: able 
antimicrobic+2: chemical 
antimycotic+1: able 
antimycotic+2: medicine 
antineoplastic+1: fight 
antineoplastic+2: medicine 
antipyretic+1: doctor 
antipyretic+2: medicine 
antiquity+1: Habit 
antiquity+2: time 
anvil+1: part 
anvil+2: tool 
anxious+1: eager 
anxious+2: worried 
anxiously+1: eager 
anxiously+2: urgent 
any+1: all 
any+2: FuncWord 
anywhere+1: location 
anywhere+2: wholly 
ape+1: beast 
ape+2: human 
aperture+1: location 
aperture+2: part 
apex+1: Boundary 
apex+2: location 
apiary+1: house 
apiary+2: InstitutePlace 
apiculture+1: affairs 
apiculture+2: foster 
apology+1: apologize 
apology+2: emotion 
appalling+1: able 
appalling+2: fear 
appallingly+1: able 
appallingly+2: extreme 
apparatus+1: implement 
apparatus+2: machine 
apparently+1: FuncWord 
apparently+2: lucid 
apparition+1: humanized 
apparition+2: image 
appealingness+1: Ability 
appealingness+2: Demeanor 
appearance+1: BeSimilar 
appearance+2: part 
appease+1: attack 
appease+2: soothe 
appeasement+1: attack 
appeasement+2: soothe 
appellation+1: Name 
appellation+2: naming 
appetence+1: aspiration 
appetence+2: FondOf 
appetite+1: Ability 
appetite+2: aspiration 
applaud+1: praise 
applaud+2: ShowGoodEmotion 
applicable+1: able 
applicable+2: proper 
apportion+1: dispatch 
apportion+2: issue 
appraisal+1: document 
appraisal+2: estimate 
appreciate+1: grateful 
appreciate+2: receive 
apprehend+1: catch 
apprehend+2: understand 
apprehension+1: catch 
apprehension+2: emotion 
apprehensive+1: fear 
apprehensive+2: worried 
apprentice+1: human 
apprentice+2: RegardAs 
appropriate+1: suitable 
appropriate+2: use 
appropriately+1: proper 
appropriately+2: suitable 
appropriateness+1: Properness 
appropriateness+2: suitable 
appropriation+1: issue 
appropriation+2: steal 
approval+1: agree 
approval+2: ExpressAgreement 
approve+1: agree 
approve+2: express 
approximate+1: alike 
approximate+2: BeNear 
approximately+1: approximate 
approximately+2: FuncWord 
appurtenance+1: part 
appurtenance+2: tool 
apricot+1: fruit 
apricot+2: yellow 
apropos+1: FuncWord 
apropos+2: proper 
apt+1: nimble 
apt+2: proper 
aquaplane+1: exercise 
aquaplane+2: SportTool 
aquarium+1: facilities 
aquarium+2: InstitutePlace 
Arab+1: human 
Arab+2: place 
Arabian+1: human 
Arabian+2: RelatingToCountry 
Arabic+1: language 
Arabic+2: RelatingToCountry 
arbitrarily+1: biased 
arbitrarily+2: improper 
arbitrate+1: judge 
arbitrate+2: mediate 
arbor+1: image 
arbor+2: tree 
arboreal+1: FormValue 
arboreal+2: tree 
arboreous+1: exuberant 
arboreous+2: FormValue 
arc+1: forming 
arc+2: lights 
arched+1: curved 
arched+2: round 
arching+1: FormChange 
arching+2: round 
architecture+1: building 
architecture+2: knowledge 
arctic+1: cold 
arctic+2: part 
ardent+1: ardent 
ardent+2: eager 
ardently+1: ardent 
ardently+2: eager 
areca+1: fruit 
areca+2: tree 
ARF+1: disease 
ARF+2: fact 
Argentinan+1: human 
Argentinan+2: RelatingToCountry 
argue+1: debate 
argue+2: regard 
argumentation+1: debate 
argumentation+2: reason 
arise+1: appear 
arise+2: begin 
aristocracy+1: community 
aristocracy+2: Lineage 
armband+1: fittings 
armband+2: mark 
armed+1: RoleValue 
armed+2: SituationValue 
Armenian+1: human 
Armenian+2: language 
arms+1: part 
arms+2: provide 
army+1: army 
army+2: part 
aromatic+1: chemical 
aromatic+2: fragrant 
arrange+1: arrange 
arrange+2: MakeAppointment 
array+1: arrange 
array+2: put 
arrest+1: attract 
arrest+2: catch 
arrogance+1: arrogant 
arrogance+2: Pride 
arrogate+1: control 
arrogate+2: RegardAs 
arrow+1: mark 
arrow+2: weapon 
artery+1: part 
artery+2: route 
arthritic+1: disease 
arthritic+2: human 
articulate+1: speak 
articulate+2: use 
artificial+1: affected 
artificial+2: artificial 
artillery+1: part 
artillery+2: weapon 
artistic+1: beautiful 
artistic+2: GoodLooking 
artless+1: honest 
artless+2: naif 
ascendancy+1: Advantage 
ascendancy+2: Power 
ascertain+1: know 
ascertain+2: TryToKnow 
ash+1: tree 
ash+2: waste 
ashen+1: blurred 
ashen+2: grey 
Asian+1: earth 
Asian+2: human 
asparagus+1: part 
asparagus+2: vegetable 
aspect+1: part 
aspect+2: Performance 
asperity+1: Effortfulness 
asperity+2: unfriendly 
aspirate+1: exhale 
aspirate+2: inhale 
aspiration+1: aspiration 
aspiration+2: exhale 
ass+1: human 
ass+2: livestock 
assail+1: attack 
assail+2: ExpressAgainst 
assault+1: attack 
assault+2: ExpressAgainst 
assay+1: check 
assay+2: try 
assemblage+1: assemble 
assemblage+2: ComeTogether 
assemble+1: merge 
assemble+2: produce 
assembly+1: language 
assembly+2: merge 
assess+1: estimate 
assess+2: exam 
assessment+1: estimate 
assessment+2: fact 
assets+1: fund 
assets+2: wealth 
assignment+1: entrust 
assignment+2: fact 
assimilate+1: absorb 
assimilate+2: GetKnowledge 
assorted+1: classify 
assorted+2: mixed 
assortment+1: classify 
assortment+2: Kind 
assuage+1: soothe 
assuage+2: weaken 
assume+1: RegardAs 
assume+2: show 
assumption+1: bear 
assumption+2: guess 
assurance+1: announce 
assurance+2: emotion 
assure+1: announce 
assure+2: guarantee 
Assyrian+1: human 
Assyrian+2: RelatingToCountry 
astounded+1: fear 
astounded+2: surprise 
astringent+1: chemical 
astringent+2: PoorTaste 
astronautic+1: affairs 
astronautic+2: knowledge 
asylum+1: escape 
asylum+2: InstitutePlace 
asymmetry+1: asymmetrical 
asymmetry+2: Symmetry 
atheist+1: human 
atheist+2: knowledge 
atmosphere+1: SocialMode 
atmosphere+2: Strength 
atrium+1: part 
atrium+2: room 
attachment+1: include 
attachment+2: part 
attainment+1: accomplishment 
attainment+2: fulfil 
attempt+1: aspiration 
attempt+2: expect 
attend+1: engage 
attend+2: TakeCare 
attention+1: Attentiveness 
attention+2: PayAttention 
attentiveness+1: attentive 
attentiveness+2: Attentiveness 
attenuate+1: BecomeLess 
attenuate+2: weaken 
attestation+1: document 
attestation+2: prove 
attire+1: Attire 
attire+2: clothing 
attractive+1: attractive 
attractive+2: bewitching 
attractiveness+1: Attractiveness 
attractiveness+2: thing 
attribute+1: Attribute 
attribute+2: ResultFrom 
aubergine+1: part 
aubergine+2: vegetable 
auction+1: fact 
auction+2: sell 
auctioneer+1: human 
auctioneer+2: InstitutePlace 
audacious+1: brave 
audacious+2: shameless 
Audi+1: LandVehicle 
Audi+2: Name 
audio+1: Frequency 
audio+2: tool 
audiology+1: fact 
audiology+2: knowledge 
audiovisual+1: shows 
audiovisual+2: tool 
audition+1: Ability 
audition+2: exam 
augment+1: add 
augment+2: MakeBetter 
augmentation+1: add 
augmentation+2: MakeBetter 
auspicious+1: auspicious 
auspicious+2: fortunate 
auspiciously+1: auspicious 
auspiciously+2: happy 
auspiciousness+1: auspicious 
auspiciousness+2: Living 
austere+1: austere 
austere+2: miserable 
austerity+1: alive 
austerity+2: method 
Australian+1: human 
Australian+2: place 
Austrian+1: human 
Austrian+2: RelatingToCountry 
authenticate+1: distinguish 
authenticate+2: prove 
authorship+1: compile 
authorship+2: readings 
autoclave+1: kill 
autoclave+2: tool 
autogenesis+1: phenomena 
autogenesis+2: thinking 
autogeny+1: phenomena 
autogeny+2: thinking 
autonomy+1: manage 
autonomy+2: rights 
autopilot+1: fact 
autopilot+2: implement 
autopsy+1: check 
autopsy+2: fact 
auxiliary+1: artifact 
auxiliary+2: chemical 
avail+1: Ability 
avail+2: use 
aver+1: announce 
aver+2: speak 
average+1: intermediate 
average+2: mediocre 
avert+1: CausePartMove 
avert+2: evade 
avidity+1: aspiration 
avidity+2: emotion 
avidness+1: aspiration 
avidness+2: emotion 
avocado+1: fruit 
avocado+2: tree 
avoid+1: escape 
avoid+2: evade 
avoidance+1: escape 
avoidance+2: evade 
avow+1: admit 
avow+2: announce 
avulsion+1: separate 
avulsion+2: split 
await+1: expect 
await+2: wait 
awaken+1: call 
awaken+2: CauseToDo 
away+1: CircumstancesValue 
away+2: FuncWord 
awe+1: fear 
awe+2: frighten 
awful+1: able 
awful+2: expression 
awkwardness+1: cumbersome 
awkwardness+2: NotQuick 
awning+1: part 
awning+2: tool 
awry+1: slanted 
awry+2: wrong 
ax+1: subtract 
ax+2: tool 
axe+1: subtract 
axe+2: tool 
axiom+1: expression 
axiom+2: reason 
axis+1: image 
axis+2: part 
Azerbaijani+1: language 
Azerbaijani+2: RelatingToCountry 
Ba+1: metal 
Ba+2: surname 
baa+1: MakeSound 
baa+2: sound 
babble+1: MakeSound 
babble+2: TalkNonsense 
backbite+1: ExpressAgainst 
backbite+2: slander 
backbone+1: human 
backbone+2: part 
backbreaking+1: able 
backbreaking+2: effortful 
background+1: Scene 
background+2: Source 
backing+1: endorse 
backing+2: GoBackward 
backlash+1: fact 
backlash+2: GoBackward 
backstage+1: covert 
backstage+2: facilities 
backstop+1: human 
backstop+2: RegardAs 
backtrack+1: GoBack 
backtrack+2: LookBack 
backup+1: human 
backup+2: software 
backwardness+1: frail 
backwardness+2: inferior 
badge+1: fittings 
badge+2: mark 
badger+1: beast 
badger+2: MakeTrouble 
baffle+1: MakeMisunderstand 
baffle+2: obstruct 
baggage+1: artifact 
baggage+2: human 
bait+1: entice 
bait+2: tool 
bake+1: cook 
bake+2: dry 
balance+1: tool 
balance+2: wealth 
balanced+1: balanced 
balanced+2: equal 
bald+1: become 
bald+2: empty 
bale+1: NounUnit 
bale+2: wrap 
balk+1: disobey 
balk+2: obstruct 
Balkan+1: place 
Balkan+2: RelatingToCountry 
ballad+1: music 
ballad+2: shows 
ballet+1: fact 
ballet+2: shows 
ballot+1: document 
ballot+2: drop 
ballyhoo+1: disseminate 
ballyhoo+2: ShowOff 
balm+1: medicine 
balm+2: tool 
balmy+1: fragrant 
balmy+2: mad 
bamboo+1: part 
bamboo+2: tree 
banal+1: mediocre 
banal+2: uninventive 
banality+1: mediocre 
banality+2: text 
banana+1: fruit 
banana+2: human 
bandage+1: tool 
bandage+2: wrap 
bandy+1: discuss 
bandy+2: part 
Bangladesh+1: place 
Bangladesh+2: RelatingToCountry 
Bangladeshi+1: human 
Bangladeshi+2: RelatingToCountry 
banister+1: fittings 
banister+2: part 
bank+1: InstitutePlace 
bank+2: land 
bankrupt+1: human 
bankrupt+2: InDebt 
bankruptcy+1: fail 
bankruptcy+2: InDebt 
banner+1: part 
banner+2: tool 
banquet+1: entertain 
banquet+2: fact 
barbarian+1: fierce 
barbarian+2: human 
barbarity+1: Behavior 
barbarity+2: fact 
barbarous+1: fierce 
barbarous+2: vulgar 
barbecue+1: cook 
barbecue+2: fact 
barbeque+1: cook 
barbeque+2: food 
barefaced+1: overt 
barefaced+2: shameless 
barefooted+1: exposure 
barefooted+2: naked 
barely+1: ineffective 
barely+2: only 
bargain+1: affairs 
bargain+2: discuss 
barge+1: GoForward 
barge+2: ship 
bark+1: cry 
bark+2: part 
baroque+1: malformed 
baroque+2: Style 
barricade+1: BlockUp 
barricade+2: facilities 
barrier+1: facilities 
barrier+2: fittings 
base+1: place 
base+2: Standard 
baseball+1: fact 
baseball+2: SportTool 
basic+1: important 
basic+2: regulation 
basically+1: FuncWord 
basically+2: important 
basics+1: part 
basics+2: regulation 
basin+1: land 
basin+2: tool 
basis+1: part 
basis+2: reason 
bask+1: satisfied 
bask+2: WarmUp 
basket+1: part 
basket+2: SportTool 
basketball+1: fact 
basketball+2: SportTool 
Basque+1: language 
Basque+2: place 
bass+1: LowVoice 
bass+2: sound 
bastard+1: expression 
bastard+2: human 
baste+1: apply 
baste+2: fasten 
bat+1: beast 
bat+2: beat 
batch+1: Amount 
batch+2: NounUnit 
bath+1: fact 
bath+2: wash 
bathe+1: fact 
bathe+2: wash 
batten+1: strengthen 
batten+2: tool 
battery+1: facilities 
battery+2: NounUnit 
battle+1: endeavour 
battle+2: fact 
bayonet+1: stab 
bayonet+2: weapon 
be+1: be 
be+2: equal 
beacon+1: facilities 
beacon+2: tool 
beam+1: disseminate 
beam+2: electricity 
bear+1: reproduce 
bear+2: SupportWeight 
bearing+1: Bearing 
bearing+2: Demeanor 
beast+1: animal 
beast+2: beast 
beat+1: shiver 
beat+2: SportTool 
beatify+1: excited 
beatify+2: protect 
beckon+1: call 
beckon+2: CausePartMove 
bed+1: part 
bed+2: planting 
bedrock+1: regulation 
bedrock+2: stone 
Beethoven+1: human 
Beethoven+2: music 
beetle+1: InsectWorm 
beetle+2: tool 
beetroot+1: part 
beetroot+2: vegetable 
befall+1: arrive 
befall+2: happen 
beforehand+1: early 
beforehand+2: MakeEarlier 
befoul+1: pollute 
befoul+2: slander 
beg+1: beg 
beg+2: request 
begin+1: begin 
begin+2: start 
beginning+1: begin 
beginning+2: part 
behaviour+1: Behavior 
behaviour+2: fact 
behind+1: location 
behind+2: part 
Bei+1: place 
Bei+2: surname 
being+1: animate 
being+2: be 
belch+1: jet 
belch+2: phenomena 
Belgian+1: human 
Belgian+2: RelatingToCountry 
belief+1: experience 
belief+2: standpoint 
belligerence+1: Circumstances 
belligerence+2: FondOf 
belligerent+1: FondOf 
belligerent+2: human 
bellow+1: cry 
bellow+2: sound 
beloved+1: human 
beloved+2: intimate 
below+1: FuncWord 
below+2: location 
belt+1: fittings 
belt+2: place 
bench+1: furniture 
bench+2: tool 
bend+1: bend 
bend+2: CausePartMove 
beneficiary+1: human 
beneficiary+2: place 
bent+1: curved 
bent+2: emotion 
berry+1: fruit 
berry+2: gather 
berth+1: location 
berth+2: stay 
besiege+1: attack 
besiege+2: surround 
bestride+1: GoUp 
bestride+2: sit 
bet+1: HaveContest 
bet+2: wealth 
betrayal+1: betray 
betrayal+2: disobey 
better+1: HighQuality 
better+2: improve 
bewildered+1: foolish 
bewildered+2: uneasy 
bewitch+1: attract 
bewitch+2: entice 
bewitching+1: attractive 
bewitching+2: bewitching 
Bhutanese+1: human 
Bhutanese+2: RelatingToCountry 
Bhutani+1: language 
Bhutani+2: RelatingToCountry 
Bi+1: metal 
Bi+2: surname 
Bian+1: place 
Bian+2: surname 
bias+1: endorse 
bias+2: thought 
bib+1: clothing 
bib+2: drink 
bicycle+1: LandVehicle 
bicycle+2: TakeVehicle 
biennial+1: AttachmentValue 
biennial+2: FrequencyValue 
bifurcation+1: Divergence 
bifurcation+2: FormChange 
big+1: big 
big+2: great 
bigamy+1: fact 
bigamy+2: human 
bile+1: angry 
bile+2: part 
bilk+1: deceive 
bilk+2: escape 
billet+1: affairs 
billet+2: house 
billionth+1: cardinal 
billionth+2: ordinal 
billow+1: exercise 
billow+2: GoUp 
bimonthly+1: FrequencyValue 
bimonthly+2: publications 
bin+1: room 
bin+2: tool 
binary+1: KindValue 
binary+2: system 
bind+1: restrain 
bind+2: wrap 
bioassay+1: estimate 
bioassay+2: fact 
bipolar+1: disease 
bipolar+2: human 
bird+1: bird 
bird+2: SportTool 
birth+1: ComeToWorld 
birth+2: reproduce 
bisexual+1: human 
bisexual+2: SexValue 
Bismarck+1: human 
Bismarck+2: place 
bit+1: shape 
bit+2: tool 
bitch+1: human 
bitch+2: livestock 
biting+1: bite 
biting+2: cold 
bitt+1: facilities 
bitt+2: fasten 
bitted+1: control 
bitted+2: fasten 
bitterly+1: fierce 
bitterly+2: miserable 
bittersweet+1: bitter 
bittersweet+2: happy 
bitting+1: control 
bitting+2: fasten 
bivalve+1: fish 
bivalve+2: FormValue 
biweekly+1: FrequencyValue 
biweekly+2: publications 
blackball+1: discharge 
blackball+2: reject 
blackberry+1: fruit 
blackberry+2: gather 
blackguard+1: ExpressAgainst 
blackguard+2: human 
blackjack+1: fact 
blackjack+2: tool 
blackleg+1: damage 
blackleg+2: human 
blackout+1: cease 
blackout+2: phenomena 
blame+1: blame 
blame+2: ExpressAgainst 
blameless+1: correct 
blameless+2: noble 
blanket+1: cover 
blanket+2: tool 
blarney+1: entice 
blarney+2: please 
blasphemy+1: PlayDown 
blasphemy+2: slander 
blatant+1: noisy 
blatant+2: overt 
blear+1: blurred 
blear+2: ize 
bleat+1: explain 
bleat+2: MakeSound 
bleed+1: bleed 
bleed+2: rob 
blender+1: machine 
blender+2: tool 
bless+1: congratulate 
bless+2: protect 
blessing+1: expression 
blessing+2: Living 
blether+1: TalkNonsense 
blether+2: text 
blink+1: CausePartMove 
blink+2: despise 
blip+1: mark 
blip+2: send 
blister+1: ExpressAgainst 
blister+2: phenomena 
blistering+1: appear 
blistering+2: unfriendly 
blitz+1: endeavour 
blitz+2: fact 
bloat+1: AlterForm 
bloat+2: FormChange 
block+1: shape 
block+2: tool 
blockade+1: BlockUp 
blockade+2: location 
blond+1: AppearanceValue 
blond+2: human 
blonde+1: AppearanceValue 
blonde+2: human 
blood+1: Lineage 
blood+2: part 
bloodbath+1: kill 
bloodbath+2: part 
bloodletting+1: doctor 
bloodletting+2: kill 
bloodstain+1: AlterColor 
bloodstain+2: trace 
bloody+1: fierce 
bloody+2: strong 
bloom+1: part 
bloom+2: pregnant 
blossom+1: part 
blossom+2: pregnant 
blot+1: pollute 
blot+2: trace 
blow+1: exhale 
blow+2: FormChange 
bludgeon+1: punish 
bludgeon+2: shape 
blue+1: blue 
blue+2: lascivious 
blueprint+1: image 
blueprint+2: result 
bluff+1: cheat 
bluff+2: frighten 
blunder+1: err 
blunder+2: mishap 
blunt+1: obstruct 
blunt+2: wounded 
blur+1: ize 
blur+2: trace 
blurt+1: reveal 
blurt+2: speak 
bluster+1: arrogant 
bluster+2: MakeSound 
BMW+1: LandVehicle 
BMW+2: Name 
Bo+1: place 
Bo+2: surname 
boast+1: boast 
boast+2: text 
boat+1: drive 
boat+2: ship 
bob+1: GoDown 
bob+2: tool 
bobsled+1: slide 
bobsled+2: tool 
Boeing+1: InstitutePlace 
Boeing+2: Name 
bog+1: land 
bog+2: waters 
bogey+1: aircraft 
bogey+2: humanized 
boil+1: cook 
boil+2: disease 
boisterous+1: noisy 
boisterous+2: peaceful 
bold+1: brave 
bold+2: lucid 
Bolivian+1: human 
Bolivian+2: RelatingToCountry 
bolster+1: endorse 
bolster+2: tool 
bolus+1: medicine 
bolus+2: shape 
bomb+1: damage 
bomb+2: firing 
bomber+1: human 
bomber+2: weapon 
bombing+1: damage 
bombing+2: fact 
bombshell+1: fact 
bombshell+2: weapon 
bone+1: part 
bone+2: remove 
bones+1: part 
bones+2: remove 
bongo+1: beast 
bongo+2: MusicTool 
boo+1: ExpressDissatisfaction 
boo+2: sound 
bookish+1: NotQuick 
bookish+2: stiff 
bookishness+1: Bearing 
bookishness+2: NotQuick 
bookworm+1: human 
bookworm+2: InsectWorm 
boom+1: MakeSound 
boom+2: prosper 
boomerang+1: result 
boomerang+2: SportTool 
boondoggle+1: do 
boondoggle+2: fact 
boot+1: clothing 
boot+2: part 
booth+1: InstitutePlace 
booth+2: part 
booze+1: alcohol 
booze+2: drink 
borderland+1: location 
borderland+2: part 
bore+1: stab 
bore+2: tool 
borer+1: InsectWorm 
borer+2: machine 
boring+1: boring 
boring+2: cut 
borrow+1: borrow 
borrow+2: use 
bosom+1: mental 
bosom+2: part 
botch+1: damage 
botch+2: repair 
bother+1: MakeTrouble 
bother+2: PayAttention 
bothersome+1: able 
bothersome+2: difficult 
boundless+1: broad 
boundless+2: extensive 
bountiful+1: many 
bountiful+2: sufficient 
bounty+1: generous 
bounty+2: money 
boutique+1: artifact 
boutique+2: InstitutePlace 
bow+1: thank 
bow+2: weapon 
bracelet+1: fittings 
bracelet+2: tool 
bracing+1: new 
bracing+2: nimble 
bracket+1: symbol 
bracket+2: tool 
brag+1: boast 
brag+2: praise 
bragging+1: boast 
bragging+2: text 
braid+1: part 
braid+2: tool 
brail+1: TakeOutOfWater 
brail+2: tool 
brain+1: Ability 
brain+2: part 
brains+1: part 
brains+2: Wisdom 
bran+1: material 
bran+2: part 
brave+1: brave 
brave+2: venture 
bravo+1: expression 
bravo+2: human 
bray+1: cry 
bray+2: grind 
brazen+1: rash 
brazen+2: shameless 
Brazilian+1: human 
Brazilian+2: RelatingToCountry 
breach+1: part 
breach+2: split 
breadbasket+1: place 
breadbasket+2: tool 
breadboard+1: part 
breadboard+2: tool 
breadth+1: Range 
breadth+2: Width 
breakable+1: easy 
breakable+2: physical 
breakdown+1: end 
breakdown+2: perish 
breakthrough+1: defeat 
breakthrough+2: fact 
breathe+1: announce 
breathe+2: respire 
brew+1: alcohol 
brew+2: produce 
bribe+1: artifact 
bribe+2: GiveAsGift 
bribery+1: fact 
bribery+2: GiveAsGift 
bridle+1: control 
bridle+2: tool 
briefness+1: TimeLength 
briefness+2: TimeShort 
brigade+1: institution 
brigade+2: part 
brighten+1: AlterBrightness 
brighten+2: illuminate 
brightly+1: bright 
brightly+2: clever 
brilliance+1: Ability 
brilliance+2: Brightness 
brim+1: part 
brim+2: spill 
brine+1: cook 
brine+2: water 
briskly+1: active 
briskly+2: flourishing 
bristle+1: fear 
bristle+2: part 
British+1: human 
British+2: PatternValue 
brittle+1: crisp 
brittle+2: easy 
broadcast+1: disseminate 
broadcast+2: spread 
broadly+1: extensive 
broadly+2: profound 
broadsheet+1: information 
broadsheet+2: readings 
broadside+1: information 
broadside+2: readings 
broccoli+1: part 
broccoli+2: vegetable 
broken+1: fluent 
broken+2: incomplete 
bromide+1: chemical 
bromide+2: text 
brood+1: foster 
brood+2: NounUnit 
brook+1: endure 
brook+2: waters 
brown+1: brown 
brown+2: RedBrown 
browse+1: look 
browse+2: read 
brunch+1: eat 
brunch+2: fact 
brusque+1: fierce 
brusque+2: rash 
brutality+1: fact 
brutality+2: fierce 
brute+1: fierce 
brute+2: human 
buckle+1: fasten 
buckle+2: fittings 
Buddha+1: humanized 
Buddha+2: image 
Buddhism+1: community 
Buddhism+2: knowledge 
budget+1: issue 
budget+2: plans 
Buick+1: LandVehicle 
Buick+2: Name 
building+1: affairs 
building+2: building 
bulbous+1: protruding 
bulbous+2: round 
Bulgarian+1: human 
Bulgarian+2: language 
bulky+1: big 
bulky+2: cumbersome 
bullet+1: LandVehicle 
bullet+2: weapon 
bulletin+1: publications 
bulletin+2: text 
bullying+1: autocratic 
bullying+2: damage 
bullyrag+1: damage 
bullyrag+2: frighten 
bumpy+1: coarse 
bumpy+2: rugged 
bungle+1: damage 
bungle+2: result 
bunker+1: facilities 
bunker+2: room 
bunny+1: human 
bunny+2: livestock 
burden+1: bear 
burden+2: duty 
burdensome+1: difficult 
burdensome+2: duty 
bureau+1: furniture 
bureau+2: part 
bureaucratic+1: FondOf 
bureaucratic+2: indifferent 
Burmese+1: language 
Burmese+2: RelatingToCountry 
burnt+1: FormChange 
burnt+2: StateChange 
burp+1: phenomena 
burp+2: StomachTrouble 
burrow+1: dig 
burrow+2: house 
burst+1: jet 
burst+2: OutOfOrder 
bus+1: LandVehicle 
bus+2: part 
bustle+1: bustling 
bustle+2: hasty 
bustling+1: bustling 
bustling+2: rash 
busy+1: bustling 
busy+2: busy 
button+1: fasten 
button+2: fittings 
buttress+1: facilities 
buttress+2: human 
butyl+1: chemical 
butyl+2: material 
buxom+1: beautiful 
buxom+2: fat 
buy+1: buy 
buy+2: GiveAsGift 
buzz+1: MakeSound 
buzz+2: sound 
Byelorussian+1: language 
Byelorussian+2: RelatingToCountry 
bypass+1: escape 
bypass+2: TurnRound 
cabbage+1: part 
cabbage+2: steal 
cabinet+1: furniture 
cabinet+2: institution 
cable+1: material 
cable+2: tool 
caboose+1: LandVehicle 
caboose+2: room 
cacao+1: drinks 
cacao+2: tree 
cache+1: part 
cache+2: SetAside 
CAD+1: fact 
CAD+2: Unit 
caddie+1: become 
caddie+2: human 
caddy+1: become 
caddy+2: tool 
cadge+1: beg 
cadge+2: cheat 
Cadillac+1: LandVehicle 
Cadillac+2: Name 
cage+1: detain 
cage+2: tool 
cake+1: food 
cake+2: NounUnit 
calabash+1: plant 
calabash+2: tool 
calcic+1: metal 
calcic+2: own 
calculate+1: calculate 
calculate+2: estimate 
calculation+1: calculate 
calculation+2: plan 
calculus+1: knowledge 
calculus+2: stone 
calendar+1: classify 
calendar+2: law 
calf+1: beast 
calf+2: livestock 
calmly+1: peaceful 
calmly+2: quiet 
calmness+1: peaceful 
calmness+2: quiet 
calque+1: expression 
calque+2: method 
calumny+1: slander 
calumny+2: text 
camber+1: forming 
camber+2: shape 
Cambodian+1: language 
Cambodian+2: RelatingToCountry 
camellia+1: FlowerGrass 
camellia+2: tree 
campaign+1: engage 
campaign+2: fact 
campfire+1: fact 
campfire+2: fire 
can+1: NounUnit 
can+2: tool 
Canadian+1: human 
Canadian+2: RelatingToCountry 
canal+1: dig 
canal+2: waters 
canary+1: bird 
canary+2: human 
candle+1: tool 
candle+2: Unit 
candour+1: frank 
candour+2: Frankness 
candy+1: food 
candy+2: produce 
cane+1: tool 
cane+2: tree 
canister+1: LandVehicle 
canister+2: weapon 
canker+1: disease 
canker+2: SufferFrom 
canon+1: fact 
canon+2: law 
canopy+1: cover 
canopy+2: tool 
canteen+1: InstitutePlace 
canteen+2: tool 
cantilever+1: part 
cantilever+2: tool 
Cantonese+1: human 
Cantonese+2: language 
canvas+1: material 
canvas+2: tool 
cap+1: clothing 
cap+2: part 
capable+1: able 
capable+2: BeAble 
capillary+1: LengthLong 
capillary+2: part 
capitalist+1: human 
capitalist+2: system 
capitalization+1: Worth 
capitalization+2: write 
capitalize+1: use 
capitalize+2: write 
capricious+1: changeable 
capricious+2: rash 
capstone+1: accomplishment 
capstone+2: part 
caption+1: document 
caption+2: part 
captivate+1: attract 
captivate+2: FondOf 
captivating+1: attractive 
captivating+2: bewitching 
caravan+1: community 
caravan+2: LandVehicle 
carborundum+1: chemical 
carborundum+2: stone 
carboxylate+1: chemical 
carboxylate+2: ize 
card+1: letter 
card+2: tool 
cardinal+1: human 
cardinal+2: important 
cardiograph+1: image 
cardiograph+2: tool 
career+1: experience 
career+2: process 
carefree+1: joyful 
carefree+2: optimistic 
careful+1: careful 
careful+2: cautious 
carefully+1: careful 
carefully+2: cautious 
carefulness+1: careful 
carefulness+2: cautious 
caricature+1: draw 
caricature+2: image 
carillon+1: MusicTool 
carillon+2: perform 
carol+1: music 
carol+2: praise 
carouse+1: drink 
carouse+2: joyful 
carrier+1: thing 
carrier+2: weapon 
carrot+1: part 
carrot+2: vegetable 
carton+1: material 
carton+2: tool 
cartoon+1: image 
cartoon+2: shows 
cartridge+1: tool 
cartridge+2: weapon 
cartwheel+1: exercise 
cartwheel+2: part 
case+1: part 
case+2: Performance 
cashmere+1: material 
cashmere+2: part 
casing+1: part 
casing+2: tool 
Casio+1: Name 
Casio+2: tool 
caster+1: human 
caster+2: tool 
castigate+1: ExpressAgainst 
castigate+2: punish 
casting+1: material 
casting+2: produce 
casually+1: careless 
casually+2: unintentional 
casualties+1: Amount 
casualties+2: mishap 
casualty+1: die 
casualty+2: human 
catabolism+1: fact 
catabolism+2: separate 
Catalan+1: language 
Catalan+2: place 
catalogue+1: classify 
catalogue+2: document 
catalysis+1: fact 
catalysis+2: SpeedUp 
catapult+1: shoot 
catapult+2: tool 
cataract+1: disease 
cataract+2: water 
catcall+1: cry 
catcall+2: sound 
categorical+1: PropertyValue 
categorical+2: strong 
caterpillar+1: InsectWorm 
caterpillar+2: part 
catharsis+1: ShowEmotion 
catharsis+2: urge 
catholicism+1: community 
catholicism+2: knowledge 
catnap+1: fact 
catnap+2: sleep 
catwalk+1: facilities 
catwalk+2: part 
Caucasian+1: Kind 
Caucasian+2: RelatingToCountry 
cauliflower+1: part 
cauliflower+2: vegetable 
caution+1: cautious 
caution+2: persuade 
cavalcade+1: army 
cavalcade+2: community 
cave+1: investigate 
cave+2: part 
cavity+1: location 
cavity+2: part 
cavort+1: jump 
cavort+2: recreation 
CBC+1: calculate 
CBC+2: institution 
cc+1: issue 
cc+2: Unit 
cease+1: cease 
cease+2: end 
ceiling+1: Boundary 
ceiling+2: part 
celebration+1: congratulate 
celebration+2: fact 
celery+1: part 
celery+2: vegetable 
celestial+1: place 
celestial+2: sky 
celibacy+1: Chastity 
celibacy+2: thinking 
cement+1: MakeBetter 
cement+2: material 
censor+1: check 
censor+2: human 
censure+1: ExpressAgainst 
censure+2: PlayDown 
center+1: location 
center+2: part 
centralization+1: control 
centralization+2: ize 
centralized+1: collective 
centralized+2: neat 
centre+1: part 
centre+2: PayAttention 
centrifuge+1: separate 
centrifuge+2: tool 
century+1: time 
century+2: Unit 
ceramics+1: knowledge 
ceramics+2: material 
cereal+1: crop 
cereal+2: material 
cereals+1: crop 
cereals+2: food 
certain+1: believe 
certain+2: certain 
certainty+1: emotion 
certainty+2: Possibility 
certified+1: qualified 
certified+2: true 
certify+1: ExpressAgreement 
certify+2: prove 
cessation+1: cease 
cessation+2: end 
chaff+1: part 
chaff+2: tease 
chain+1: InstitutePlace 
chain+2: tool 
chains+1: InstitutePlace 
chains+2: tool 
chair+1: furniture 
chair+2: human 
chalk+1: stone 
chalk+2: tool 
challenge+1: request 
challenge+2: text 
challenging+1: difficult 
challenging+2: resolute 
chamber+1: fact 
chamber+2: part 
chameleon+1: beast 
chameleon+2: human 
champ+1: eager 
champ+2: human 
championship+1: fact 
championship+2: Status 
chance+1: accidental 
chance+2: Possibility 
changeover+1: change 
changeover+2: replace 
chap+1: FormChange 
chap+2: human 
chaperone+1: human 
chaperone+2: undertake 
char+1: AlterColor 
char+2: burn 
character+1: Kind 
character+2: Property 
characteristic+1: Peculiarity 
characteristic+2: Property 
charcoal+1: image 
charcoal+2: material 
chard+1: part 
chard+2: vegetable 
charity+1: affairs 
charity+2: community 
charming+1: attractive 
charming+2: bewitching 
chart+1: draw 
chart+2: image 
charter+1: document 
charter+2: law 
chase+1: chase 
chase+2: seek 
chasm+1: location 
chasm+2: part 
cheapness+1: cheap 
cheapness+2: Price 
cheating+1: deceive 
cheating+2: dishonest 
Chechen+1: human 
Chechen+2: place 
checkroom+1: part 
checkroom+2: room 
cheer+1: cry 
cheer+2: urge 
cheerful+1: BehaviorValue 
cheerful+2: joyful 
cheerfully+1: BehaviorValue 
cheerfully+2: joyful 
cheerless+1: indifferent 
cheerless+2: joyful 
chemical+1: chemical 
chemical+2: knowledge 
chemistry+1: Intimacy 
chemistry+2: knowledge 
Chen+1: place 
Chen+2: surname 
cherish+1: cherish 
cherish+2: like 
cherry+1: FlowerGrass 
cherry+2: fruit 
chess+1: fact 
chess+2: tool 
chessboard+1: part 
chessboard+2: tool 
chest+1: part 
chest+2: tool 
chestnut+1: brown 
chestnut+2: fruit 
chesty+1: arrogant 
chesty+2: sturdy 
Chevrolet+1: LandVehicle 
Chevrolet+2: Name 
chicane+1: deceive 
chicane+2: method 
chide+1: experience 
chide+2: ExpressAgainst 
childbirth+1: process 
childbirth+2: reproduce 
childishly+1: BehaviorValue 
childishly+2: child 
Chilean+1: human 
Chilean+2: RelatingToCountry 
chili+1: part 
chili+2: vegetable 
chilli+1: part 
chilli+2: vegetable 
chilly+1: cold 
chilly+2: part 
chime+1: expression 
chime+2: MakeSound 
chinchona+1: part 
chinchona+2: tree 
chink+1: location 
chink+2: MakeSound 
chitchat+1: talk 
chitchat+2: text 
chivalrousness+1: generous 
chivalrousness+2: Tolerance 
chives+1: part 
chives+2: vegetable 
choice+1: choose 
choice+2: HighQuality 
choir+1: community 
choir+2: sing 
Chopin+1: human 
Chopin+2: music 
chopper+1: aircraft 
chopper+2: tool 
chordate+1: AnimalHuman 
chordate+2: part 
choreograph+1: compile 
choreograph+2: plan 
chorus+1: music 
chorus+2: sing 
christian+1: community 
christian+2: human 
chromite+1: chemical 
chromite+2: stone 
chromium+1: metal 
chromium+2: part 
chronically+1: relax 
chronically+2: TimeLong 
chronicle+1: compile 
chronicle+2: readings 
chronological+1: PatternValue 
chronological+2: Sequence 
Chu+1: place 
Chu+2: surname 
chunk+1: many 
chunk+2: shape 
church+1: community 
church+2: InstitutePlace 
churn+1: machine 
churn+2: mix 
chute+1: drop 
chute+2: route 
cinema+1: affairs 
cinema+2: InstitutePlace 
cinnabar+1: material 
cinnabar+2: red 
cipher+1: human 
cipher+2: symbol 
circumstance+1: Circumstances 
circumstance+2: Environment 
circumvent+1: defeat 
circumvent+2: evade 
circumvolution+1: coil 
circumvolution+2: rotate 
cirrus+1: CloudMist 
cirrus+2: part 
cite+1: call 
cite+2: praise 
Citizen+1: Name 
Citizen+2: tool 
civil+1: AttachmentValue 
civil+2: civil 
civilian+1: AttachmentValue 
civilian+2: human 
Cixi+1: human 
Cixi+2: place 
claimant+1: human 
claimant+2: place 
clam+1: catch 
clam+2: fish 
clammy+1: polished 
clammy+2: wet 
clamor+1: cry 
clamor+2: sound 
clamorous+1: bustling 
clamorous+2: noisy 
clamour+1: announce 
clamour+2: cry 
clamp+1: pick 
clamp+2: restrain 
clan+1: Clan 
clan+2: family 
clap+1: beat 
clap+2: ShowGoodEmotion 
clapboard+1: cover 
clapboard+2: tool 
clarity+1: Lucidity 
clarity+2: Performance 
classic+1: BestQuality 
classic+2: classic 
classification+1: classify 
classification+2: Kind 
classified+1: classified 
classified+2: classify 
clatter+1: MakeSound 
clatter+2: sound 
clause+1: expression 
clause+2: part 
cleaning+1: clean 
cleaning+2: wipe 
cleanly+1: GoodSocial 
cleanly+2: spotless 
clear+1: lucid 
clear+2: remove 
clearance+1: location 
clearance+2: remove 
clearly+1: FuncWord 
clearly+2: lucid 
clem+1: CauseToDo 
clem+2: HungryThirsty 
clever+1: clever 
clever+2: dexterous 
cleverly+1: clever 
cleverly+2: dexterous 
cleverness+1: clever 
cleverness+2: Wisdom 
CLI+1: software 
CLI+2: symbol 
climate+1: Circumstances 
climate+2: weather 
climax+1: Circumstances 
climax+2: fulfil 
climb+1: BecomeMore 
climb+2: GoUp 
clink+1: InstitutePlace 
clink+2: MakeSound 
clipper+1: part 
clipper+2: ship 
cliquishness+1: Performance 
cliquishness+2: unrighteous 
clock+1: count 
clock+2: tool 
clod+1: shape 
clod+2: stone 
closed+1: controlled 
closed+2: covert 
closure+1: end 
closure+2: shut 
clot+1: AlterForm 
clot+2: inanimate 
cloudy+1: dark 
cloudy+2: WeatherBad 
clove+1: FlowerGrass 
clove+2: part 
clue+1: information 
clue+2: part 
clump+1: stone 
clump+2: tree 
clumsiness+1: foolish 
clumsiness+2: NotQuick 
clumsy+1: cumbersome 
clumsy+2: foolish 
clutch+1: attract 
clutch+2: hold 
coadjutant+1: help 
coadjutant+2: human 
coagulate+1: AlterForm 
coagulate+2: StateChange 
coarse+1: cacophonic 
coarse+2: coarse 
coast+1: land 
coast+2: slide 
coastal+1: land 
coastal+2: location 
coat+1: clothing 
coat+2: part 
coating+1: material 
coating+2: part 
coauthor+1: compile 
coauthor+2: human 
cock+1: bird 
cock+2: part 
cockeyed+1: slanted 
cockeyed+2: wrong 
cockscomb+1: FlowerGrass 
cockscomb+2: part 
cocoa+1: drinks 
cocoa+2: material 
cod+1: deceive 
cod+2: fish 
coffee+1: Color 
coffee+2: drinks 
cognate+1: lineal 
cognate+2: part 
cognizant+1: know 
cognizant+2: understand 
cohesion+1: Continuity 
cohesion+2: Strength 
coin+1: forge 
coin+2: money 
coinage+1: expression 
coinage+2: forge 
coincide+1: BeAcross 
coincide+2: fit 
coincidence+1: fact 
coincidence+2: fit 
coincident+1: accidental 
coincident+2: accordant 
coke+1: drinks 
coke+2: material 
col+1: land 
col+2: part 
cola+1: drinks 
cola+2: part 
coldness+1: cold 
coldness+2: indifferent 
collaborate+1: collude 
collaborate+2: cooperate 
collaboration+1: collude 
collaboration+2: cooperate 
collapse+1: decline 
collapse+2: end 
collate+1: check 
collate+2: compare 
collection+1: text 
collection+2: thing 
collective+1: collective 
collective+2: community 
collector+1: human 
collector+2: part 
collide+1: bump 
collide+2: FitNot 
collision+1: bump 
collision+2: FitNot 
collocate+1: arrange 
collocate+2: mix 
colloquial+1: FormValue 
colloquial+2: language 
Colombian+1: human 
Colombian+2: RelatingToCountry 
colon+1: part 
colon+2: symbol 
colony+1: group 
colony+2: place 
coloration+1: AlterColor 
coloration+2: SoundQuality 
colorcast+1: disseminate 
colorcast+2: image 
colors+1: Color 
colors+2: tool 
colourful+1: beautiful 
colourful+2: colored 
colourfully+1: beautiful 
colourfully+2: colored 
column+1: part 
column+2: shape 
combination+1: merge 
combination+2: thing 
combine+1: community 
combine+2: machine 
combust+1: lighting 
combust+2: StateChange 
combustible+1: easy 
combustible+2: inanimate 
come+1: GoInto 
come+2: happen 
comedy+1: fact 
comedy+2: shows 
comely+1: beautiful 
comely+2: proper 
comfortably+1: cosy 
comfortably+2: peaceful 
commandeer+1: control 
commandeer+2: levy 
commemoration+1: commemorate 
commemoration+2: fact 
commence+1: begin 
commence+2: start 
commencement+1: begin 
commencement+2: fact 
commendably+1: able 
commendably+2: precious 
comment+1: estimate 
comment+2: text 
commercial+1: affairs 
commercial+2: AttachmentValue 
commiseration+1: condole 
commiseration+2: pity 
commission+1: part 
commission+2: payment 
commit+1: engage 
commit+2: provide 
commitment+1: text 
commitment+2: Will 
commodious+1: broad 
commodious+2: convenient 
commonplace+1: ordinary 
commonplace+2: text 
communicate+1: communicate 
communicate+2: disseminate 
community+1: community 
community+2: place 
commutation+1: alter 
commutation+2: exchange 
companion+1: associate 
companion+2: human 
company+1: InstitutePlace 
company+2: Intimacy 
comparatively+1: FuncWord 
comparatively+2: more 
compare+1: compare 
compare+2: CompareTo 
comparison+1: compare 
comparison+2: expression 
compass+1: tool 
compass+2: tour 
compelling+1: able 
compelling+2: attractive 
compendium+1: readings 
compendium+2: text 
compete+1: compete 
compete+2: HaveContest 
competition+1: compete 
competition+2: fact 
competitiveness+1: Ability 
competitiveness+2: HaveContest 
compilation+1: compile 
compilation+2: fact 
compiler+1: human 
compiler+2: software 
completely+1: extreme 
completely+2: wholly 
completion+1: finish 
completion+2: fulfil 
complexify+1: become 
complexify+2: ize 
complexion+1: Color 
complexion+2: Countenance 
compliance+1: docile 
compliance+2: obey 
complicated+1: complicated 
complicated+2: difficult 
complication+1: disease 
complication+2: ize 
compliment+1: congratulate 
compliment+2: emotion 
compliments+1: expression 
compliments+2: text 
component+1: component 
component+2: part 
compose+1: establish 
compose+2: forming 
composition+1: publications 
composition+2: result 
comprehension+1: Ability 
comprehension+2: understand 
compress+1: apply 
compress+2: medicine 
compunction+1: emotion 
compunction+2: ExpressAgainst 
concave+1: dented 
concave+2: shape 
concavity+1: dented 
concavity+2: Dimensionality 
conceal+1: contain 
conceal+2: hide 
concealment+1: contain 
concealment+2: hide 
concede+1: admit 
concede+2: obey 
concentrated+1: concentrated 
concentrated+2: resolute 
concentration+1: ComeTogether 
concentration+2: Concentration 
conception+1: ResultIn 
conception+2: thinking 
conceptual+1: general 
conceptual+2: thinking 
concert+1: coordinate 
concert+2: fact 
concession+1: affairs 
concession+2: place 
conch+1: fish 
conch+2: MusicTool 
conciliate+1: mediate 
conciliate+2: reconcile 
conclusively+1: all 
conclusively+2: true 
concoction+1: forge 
concoction+2: produce 
concomitant+1: associate 
concomitant+2: physical 
concord+1: accordant 
concord+2: harmonious 
concordant+1: accordant 
concordant+2: coordinate 
concrete+1: concrete 
concrete+2: material 
concretely+1: concrete 
concretely+2: FuncWord 
concurrently+1: FuncWord 
concurrently+2: simultaneous 
condemn+1: ExpressAgainst 
condemn+2: hate 
condemnation+1: ExpressAgainst 
condemnation+2: judge 
condensation+1: cool 
condensation+2: shrink 
condense+1: adjust 
condense+2: shrink 
condenser+1: physical 
condenser+2: tool 
condescend+1: MakeLower 
condescend+2: PassOn 
condole+1: condole 
condole+2: SayHello 
conductance+1: Amount 
conductance+2: Performance 
conduit+1: facilities 
conduit+2: part 
confectionery+1: food 
confectionery+2: InstitutePlace 
confederation+1: ally 
confederation+2: community 
conference+1: discuss 
conference+2: fact 
confidence+1: emotion 
confidence+2: experience 
confidential+1: classified 
confidential+2: covert 
configuration+1: arrange 
configuration+2: Form 
confine+1: delimit 
confine+2: restrain 
confirm+1: admit 
confirm+2: prove 
confirmation+1: admit 
confirmation+2: check 
confiscate+1: deprive 
confiscate+2: punish 
conflict+1: FitNot 
conflict+2: phenomena 
confluence+1: ComeTogether 
confluence+2: location 
confluent+1: ComeTogether 
confluent+2: waters 
conformation+1: accordant 
conformation+2: forming 
conformity+1: accordant 
conformity+2: Conventionality 
confound+1: confuse 
confound+2: foolish 
confront+1: facing 
confront+2: fight 
confused+1: foolish 
confused+2: inconsistent 
conga+1: recreation 
conga+2: shows 
congeal+1: AlterForm 
congeal+2: StateChange 
congee+1: food 
congee+2: salute 
congest+1: BlockUp 
congest+2: ComeTogether 
congestion+1: ComeTogether 
congestion+2: phenomena 
Congolese+1: human 
Congolese+2: RelatingToCountry 
congratulation+1: congratulate 
congratulation+2: expression 
conic+1: pointed 
conic+2: shape 
conjunction+1: merge 
conjunction+2: part 
conjunctive+1: connect 
conjunctive+2: part 
connect+1: connect 
connect+2: tie 
connivance+1: collude 
connivance+2: indulge 
connive+1: collude 
connive+2: indulge 
conquest+1: artifact 
conquest+2: defeat 
conscientiously+1: careful 
conscientiously+2: cautious 
conscious+1: clearheaded 
conscious+2: intentional 
consciousness+1: Activeness 
consciousness+2: experience 
consecrate+1: salute 
consecrate+2: submit 
consecration+1: fact 
consecration+2: salute 
consequence+1: Importance 
consequence+2: result 
conservation+1: keep 
conservation+2: maintain 
conservative+1: human 
conservative+2: regressive 
conservatively+1: regressive 
conservatively+2: stiff 
conservatory+1: facilities 
conservatory+2: InstitutePlace 
conserve+1: maintain 
conserve+2: store 
consider+1: PayAttention 
consider+2: regard 
considerably+1: ish 
considerably+2: very 
consistent+1: accordant 
consistent+2: constant 
consistently+1: always 
consistently+2: constant 
consolation+1: emotion 
consolation+2: SayHello 
console+1: part 
console+2: soothe 
consolidate+1: improve 
consolidate+2: strengthen 
consonance+1: harmonious 
consonance+2: Harmony 
consonant+1: accordant 
consonant+2: sound 
consort+1: fit 
consort+2: human 
conspicuous+1: attractive 
conspicuous+2: grand 
conspiracy+1: fact 
conspiracy+2: plan 
constant+1: constant 
constant+2: symbol 
constantly+1: always 
constantly+2: constant 
constellation+1: celestial 
constellation+2: Form 
constituency+1: human 
constituency+2: place 
constitute+1: BeMember 
constitute+2: contain 
constitution+1: law 
constitution+2: part 
constrained+1: affected 
constrained+2: embarrassed 
constrict+1: restrain 
constrict+2: shrink 
construct+1: build 
construct+2: forming 
construction+1: build 
construction+2: forming 
construe+1: explain 
construe+2: teach 
consultation+1: read 
consultation+2: request 
contain+1: contain 
contain+2: obstruct 
contamination+1: mishap 
contamination+2: pollute 
contemplate+1: think 
contemplate+2: try 
contemporary+1: human 
contemporary+2: time 
contention+1: debate 
contention+2: FitNot 
contentious+1: able 
contentious+2: FondOf 
contents+1: Content 
contents+2: part 
contest+1: compete 
contest+2: fact 
context+1: Environment 
context+2: part 
continental+1: earth 
continental+2: PropertyValue 
contingency+1: Frequency 
contingency+2: mishap 
contingent+1: accidental 
contingent+2: community 
continually+1: continuous 
continually+2: interrupted 
continuance+1: continuous 
continuance+2: GoOn 
continuation+1: GoOn 
continuation+2: KeepOn 
continue+1: GoOn 
continue+2: KeepOn 
contort+1: alter 
contort+2: turn 
contortion+1: alter 
contortion+2: Curvature 
contractor+1: human 
contractor+2: institution 
contrarily+1: backward 
contrarily+2: FuncWord 
contrariness+1: BadTemper 
contrariness+2: emotion 
contredanse+1: recreation 
contredanse+2: shows 
contribute+1: donate 
contribute+2: submit 
contribution+1: submit 
contribution+2: text 
controller+1: human 
controller+2: part 
convalescence+1: BeRecovered 
convalescence+2: time 
convene+1: assemble 
convene+2: manage 
convention+1: agreement 
convention+2: fact 
conventional+1: habitual 
conventional+2: orthodox 
conventionality+1: Conventionality 
conventionality+2: information 
conversation+1: talk 
conversation+2: text 
converse+1: backward 
converse+2: talk 
conversely+1: backward 
conversely+2: FuncWord 
conversion+1: exchange 
conversion+2: method 
convertible+1: able 
convertible+2: furniture 
convict+1: human 
convict+2: punish 
conviction+1: judge 
conviction+2: standpoint 
convince+1: believe 
convince+2: persuade 
convolute+1: bend 
convolute+2: circle 
convolution+1: circle 
convolution+2: phenomena 
convoy+1: community 
convoy+2: part 
convulsion+1: happen 
convulsion+2: phenomena 
coo+1: sound 
coo+2: speak 
cook+1: cook 
cook+2: human 
cooking+1: affairs 
cooking+2: cook 
coolness+1: calm 
coolness+2: indifferent 
coop+1: facilities 
coop+2: tool 
cooperate+1: cooperate 
cooperate+2: engage 
cooperative+1: cooperate 
cooperative+2: institution 
coordinate+1: coordinate 
coordinate+2: fit 
coordination+1: coordinate 
coordination+2: Property 
cop+1: catch 
cop+2: human 
copestone+1: accomplishment 
copestone+2: part 
copperplate+1: image 
copperplate+2: tool 
copycat+1: artifact 
copycat+2: human 
coquette+1: entice 
coquette+2: human 
cordial+1: amiable 
cordial+2: earnest 
cordially+1: amiable 
cordially+2: earnest 
coriander+1: part 
coriander+2: vegetable 
cork+1: part 
cork+2: wood 
cornucopia+1: Amount 
cornucopia+2: place 
corona+1: lights 
corona+2: shape 
coronation+1: fact 
coronation+2: grant 
corporation+1: community 
corporation+2: human 
corps+1: army 
corps+2: part 
corpulent+1: fat 
corpulent+2: widediameter 
corpus+1: readings 
corpus+2: text 
correctness+1: correct 
correctness+2: Correctness 
correlation+1: fact 
correlation+2: Intimacy 
correspond+1: communicate 
correspond+2: fit 
correspondence+1: fit 
correspondence+2: letter 
correspondent+1: human 
correspondent+2: relevant 
corrode+1: damage 
corrode+2: FormChange 
corrosion+1: damage 
corrosion+2: FormChange 
corrosive+1: able 
corrosive+2: chemical 
corset+1: clothing 
corset+2: PutOn 
cosh+1: beat 
cosh+2: tool 
cosmopolitan+1: human 
cosmopolitan+2: international 
cosmos+1: celestial 
cosmos+2: thing 
cost+1: exhaust 
cost+2: expenditure 
costly+1: expensive 
costly+2: precious 
countenance+1: Countenance 
countenance+2: Demeanor 
counter+1: resist 
counter+2: tool 
counteract+1: remove 
counteract+2: weaken 
counterchallenge+1: accept 
counterchallenge+2: text 
countercurrent+1: electricity 
countercurrent+2: SocialMode 
countermeasure+1: MakeTrouble 
countermeasure+2: plans 
countermove+1: AlterLocation 
countermove+2: method 
counterrevolutionary+1: human 
counterrevolutionary+2: regressive 
countersign+1: sign 
countersign+2: text 
coupling+1: mating 
coupling+2: tie 
courgette+1: part 
courgette+2: vegetable 
court+1: seek 
court+2: ShowLove 
courtesy+1: Courtesy 
courtesy+2: fact 
courtship+1: Bearing 
courtship+2: BeInLove 
courtyard+1: location 
courtyard+2: part 
cow+1: frighten 
cow+2: livestock 
coward+1: human 
coward+2: timid 
cowardly+1: irresolute 
cowardly+2: timid 
cower+1: GoBackward 
cower+2: shiver 
cowl+1: clothing 
cowl+2: tool 
cowpea+1: part 
cowpea+2: vegetable 
cox+1: human 
cox+2: undertake 
crab+1: catch 
crab+2: fish 
crabbed+1: angry 
crabbed+2: BadTemper 
crabmeat+1: food 
crabmeat+2: part 
crack+1: sound 
crack+2: split 
cracking+1: fact 
cracking+2: sound 
crackle+1: location 
crackle+2: MakeSound 
cradle+1: furniture 
cradle+2: place 
cram+1: ComeTogether 
cram+2: fill 
crane+1: bird 
crane+2: machine 
crape+1: bend 
crape+2: material 
crate+1: load 
crate+2: tool 
crave+1: carve 
crave+2: expect 
crawl+1: crawl 
crawl+2: fact 
craze+1: ardent 
craze+2: phenomena 
crazy+1: human 
crazy+2: mad 
creak+1: MakeSound 
creak+2: sound 
creaky+1: disease 
creaky+2: SoundVolumeValue 
cream+1: part 
cream+2: shape 
creamy+1: polished 
creamy+2: white 
crease+1: FormChange 
crease+2: trace 
create+1: create 
create+2: establish 
creation+1: create 
creation+2: establish 
creativeness+1: Ability 
creativeness+2: Creativeness 
creature+1: human 
creature+2: thing 
credible+1: faithful 
credible+2: true 
creditworthy+1: able 
creditworthy+2: trusty 
credulous+1: believe 
credulous+2: easy 
creep+1: crawl 
creep+2: grow 
crenel+1: build 
crenel+2: facilities 
creosote+1: chemical 
creosote+2: ize 
crescent+1: celestial 
crescent+2: curved 
crib+1: detain 
crib+2: furniture 
cricket+1: fact 
cricket+2: InsectWorm 
crime+1: engage 
crime+2: fact 
Crimean+1: human 
Crimean+2: RelatingToCountry 
crimp+1: bend 
crimp+2: FormChange 
cripple+1: human 
cripple+2: weaken 
crisscross+1: BeAcross 
crisscross+2: mixed 
criterion+1: law 
criterion+2: Standard 
critically+1: dangerous 
critically+2: important 
criticize+1: estimate 
criticize+2: ExpressAgainst 
critique+1: estimate 
critique+2: text 
Croatian+1: language 
Croatian+2: RelatingToCountry 
crook+1: CausePartMove 
crook+2: part 
crop+1: plant 
crop+2: result 
crossbreed+1: animate 
crossbreed+2: mating 
crossing+1: cross 
crossing+2: part 
crosstown+1: InBetween 
crosstown+2: PropertyValue 
crouch+1: FormChange 
crouch+2: sit 
crow+1: bird 
crow+2: cry 
crown+1: part 
crown+2: shape 
crucible+1: facilities 
crucible+2: tool 
crude+1: unprocessed 
crude+2: vulgar 
crudely+1: crude 
crudely+2: fierce 
cruelty+1: fact 
cruelty+2: fierce 
crumb+1: shape 
crumb+2: waste 
crumple+1: FormChange 
crumple+2: PlayWith 
cry+1: sound 
cry+2: weep 
crystalline+1: clear 
crystalline+2: material 
crystallize+1: AlterForm 
crystallize+2: delimit 
crystalloid+1: AlterForm 
crystalloid+2: NaturalThing 
cub+1: animal 
cub+2: reproduce 
Cuban+1: human 
Cuban+2: RelatingToCountry 
cube+1: cut 
cube+2: shape 
cuboid+1: cubic 
cuboid+2: shape 
cuckold+1: disloyal 
cuckold+2: human 
cucumber+1: part 
cucumber+2: vegetable 
cudgel+1: beat 
cudgel+2: shape 
cuff+1: beat 
cuff+2: part 
culmination+1: Boundary 
culmination+2: place 
culture+1: cultivate 
culture+2: knowledge 
cultured+1: erudite 
cultured+2: gracious 
culvert+1: facilities 
culvert+2: route 
cumbersome+1: cumbersome 
cumbersome+2: difficult 
cup+1: fact 
cup+2: tool 
curative+1: doctor 
curative+2: medicine 
curb+1: obstruct 
curb+2: part 
cure+1: cook 
cure+2: doctor 
curio+1: inanimate 
curio+2: thing 
curiosity+1: aspiration 
curiosity+2: expect 
curious+1: expect 
curious+2: queer 
curiousness+1: aspiration 
curiousness+2: Source 
curling+1: curved 
curling+2: fact 
currency+1: circulate 
currency+2: money 
currently+1: ActUnit 
currently+2: present 
curry+1: adjust 
curry+2: material 
currycomb+1: MakeUp 
currycomb+2: tool 
cursor+1: mark 
cursor+2: part 
cursorily+1: careless 
cursorily+2: insubstantial 
cursory+1: careless 
cursory+2: insubstantial 
curtain+1: finish 
curtain+2: tool 
curtsy+1: fact 
curtsy+2: salute 
curvature+1: Curvature 
curvature+2: Rate 
cushaw+1: part 
cushaw+2: vegetable 
cushion+1: part 
cushion+2: tool 
cuss+1: human 
cuss+2: text 
custody+1: detain 
custody+2: TakeCare 
customary+1: habitual 
customary+2: often 
customs+1: expenditure 
customs+2: institution 
cut+1: split 
cut+2: subtract 
cute+1: able 
cute+2: beautiful 
cutout+1: part 
cutout+2: tool 
cyberspace+1: internet 
cyberspace+2: location 
cycle+1: time 
cycle+2: Unit 
cyclostyle+1: tool 
cyclostyle+2: write 
cynical+1: eccentric 
cynical+2: unsatisfied 
cynicism+1: emotion 
cynicism+2: unsatisfied 
cypress+1: mark 
cypress+2: tree 
Cyprian+1: human 
Cyprian+2: RelatingToCountry 
Czech+1: human 
Czech+2: language 
Czechoslovak+1: human 
Czechoslovak+2: place 
dab+1: apply 
dab+2: wipe 
Daewoo+1: LandVehicle 
Daewoo+2: Name 
Dahoman+1: human 
Dahoman+2: place 
dally+1: entice 
dally+2: SeekPleasure 
damn+1: able 
damn+2: ExpressAgainst 
damp+1: CauseToDo 
damp+2: restrain 
dampen+1: CauseToDo 
dampen+2: discourage 
dampness+1: Dampness 
dampness+2: wet 
Dang+1: place 
Dang+2: surname 
Danish+1: human 
Danish+2: language 
dank+1: dark 
dank+2: wet 
dare+1: dare 
dare+2: FuncWord 
daredevil+1: brave 
daredevil+2: human 
dark+1: black 
dark+2: dark 
darkly+1: black 
darkly+2: dark 
darling+1: human 
darling+2: intimate 
dash+1: run 
dash+2: Strength 
dateline+1: draw 
dateline+2: location 
datemark+1: draw 
datemark+2: tool 
dauntless+1: brave 
dauntless+2: timid 
daybreak+1: happen 
daybreak+2: time 
daydream+1: cherish 
daydream+2: dream 
dazzling+1: bright 
dazzling+2: magnificent 
dead+1: die 
dead+2: human 
deadly+1: able 
deadly+2: antagonistic 
dealings+1: associate 
dealings+2: fact 
dear+1: expensive 
dear+2: intimate 
dearly+1: gentle 
dearly+2: intimate 
dearth+1: insufficient 
dearth+2: lack 
debar+1: deprive 
debar+2: obstruct 
debase+1: add 
debase+2: PlayDown 
debate+1: debate 
debate+2: fact 
debauch+1: fact 
debauch+2: ize 
debonair+1: BehaviorValue 
debonair+2: refined 
debug+1: amend 
debug+2: LookFor 
decadent+1: BadSocial 
decadent+2: frail 
decamp+1: flee 
decamp+2: leave 
decay+1: change 
decay+2: damage 
decayed+1: BadSocial 
decayed+2: decline 
deceased+1: die 
deceased+2: human 
deceitful+1: deceive 
deceitful+2: sly 
decent+1: decent 
decent+2: GoodLooking 
deception+1: deceive 
deception+2: fact 
decide+1: decide 
decide+2: judge 
decimal+1: symbol 
decimal+2: system 
decisive+1: important 
decisive+2: resolute 
decisiveness+1: important 
decisiveness+2: result 
deck+1: decorate 
deck+2: part 
declaim+1: ExpressAgainst 
declaim+2: recite 
declamation+1: fact 
declamation+2: recite 
declaration+1: announce 
declaration+2: tell 
declare+1: announce 
declare+2: tell 
declassification+1: announce 
declassification+2: ize 
decoagulant+1: able 
decoagulant+2: medicine 
decoct+1: cook 
decoct+2: produce 
decompose+1: damage 
decompose+2: separate 
decomposition+1: damage 
decomposition+2: separate 
decontamination+1: clean 
decontamination+2: refine 
decorate+1: arrange 
decorate+2: decorate 
decorum+1: Courtesy 
decorum+2: Property 
decoy+1: entice 
decoy+2: human 
decrease+1: BecomeLess 
decrease+2: disappear 
decrepit+1: aged 
decrepit+2: decline 
dedicate+1: donate 
dedicate+2: provide 
deeds+1: accomplishment 
deeds+2: Merit 
deep+1: perceptive 
deep+2: profound 
deepen+1: deepen 
deepen+2: ize 
deeply+1: BehaviorValue 
deeply+2: extreme 
defame+1: PlayDown 
defame+2: slander 
defecate+1: excrete 
defecate+2: explain 
defect+1: betray 
defect+2: Demerit 
defection+1: betray 
defection+2: Demerit 
defendable+1: able 
defendable+2: correct 
defensible+1: able 
defensible+2: correct 
defensive+1: able 
defensive+2: defend 
deference+1: docile 
deference+2: obey 
defiance+1: incite 
defiance+2: refuse 
deficient+1: BestQuality 
deficient+2: incomplete 
deficit+1: Amount 
deficit+2: InDebt 
define+1: decide 
define+2: explain 
definite+1: accurate 
definite+2: positive 
definitely+1: FuncWord 
definitely+2: PropertyValue 
definitude+1: Accuracy 
definitude+2: decide 
deflation+1: damage 
deflation+2: phenomena 
deft+1: able 
deft+2: dexterous 
deftly+1: able 
deftly+2: dexterous 
defunct+1: die 
defunct+2: inanimate 
degeneration+1: BeRecovered 
degeneration+2: decline 
degrade+1: degrade 
degrade+2: weaken 
dehydrate+1: ill 
dehydrate+2: remove 
dehydration+1: ill 
dehydration+2: remove 
dejected+1: disheartened 
dejected+2: sad 
delay+1: delay 
delay+2: detain 
delectable+1: able 
delectable+2: GoodTaste 
delegate+1: entrust 
delegate+2: human 
deliberate+1: intentional 
deliberate+2: think 
deliberation+1: discuss 
deliberation+2: think 
delicacy+1: difficult 
delicacy+2: edible 
delicate+1: refined 
delicate+2: tender 
delicious+1: fragrant 
delicious+2: GoodTaste 
deliciously+1: fragrant 
deliciously+2: GoodTaste 
delightful+1: attractive 
delightful+2: joyful 
delineate+1: delimit 
delineate+2: describe 
delineation+1: describe 
delineation+2: draw 
delinquency+1: engage 
delinquency+2: lazy 
delinquent+1: engage 
delinquent+2: human 
delirium+1: dizzy 
delirium+2: mad 
deliverable+1: able 
deliverable+2: artifact 
delta+1: image 
delta+2: land 
delude+1: deceive 
delude+2: MakeMisunderstand 
deluge+1: RainSnow 
deluge+2: surpass 
delusion+1: experience 
delusion+2: MakeMisunderstand 
demagnetize+1: remove 
demagnetize+2: weaken 
demanding+1: need 
demanding+2: request 
demarcation+1: delimit 
demarcation+2: distinguish 
dementedly+1: mad 
dementedly+2: PropertyValue 
demise+1: die 
demise+2: give 
demo+1: display 
demo+2: fact 
demolition+1: destroy 
demolition+2: remove 
demoniac+1: Attitude 
demoniac+2: human 
demonstrate+1: display 
demonstrate+2: express 
demonstration+1: display 
demonstration+2: fact 
demonstrative+1: able 
demonstrative+2: part 
demoralise+1: discourage 
demoralise+2: ize 
demoralize+1: discourage 
demoralize+2: ize 
demur+1: oppose 
demur+2: thought 
demurrage+1: due 
demurrage+2: expenditure 
demurrer+1: refute 
demurrer+2: thought 
denial+1: deny 
denial+2: refuse 
denigrate+1: ExpressAgainst 
denigrate+2: PlayDown 
denigration+1: PlayDown 
denigration+2: slander 
denounce+1: ExpressAgainst 
denounce+2: hate 
densely+1: concentrated 
densely+2: dense 
density+1: Concentration 
density+2: Density 
dent+1: damage 
dent+2: trace 
denude+1: deprive 
denude+2: StripOff 
deodorant+1: medicine 
deodorant+2: remove 
depart+1: leave 
depart+2: start 
departure+1: leave 
departure+2: start 
dependable+1: faithful 
dependable+2: reliable 
dependably+1: reliable 
dependably+2: steady 
dependence+1: depend 
dependence+2: fact 
dependent+1: AttachmentValue 
dependent+2: depend 
depilatory+1: medicine 
depilatory+2: RoleValue 
deplore+1: express 
deplore+2: sorry 
deployment+1: arrange 
deployment+2: dispatch 
deplume+1: deprive 
deplume+2: StripOff 
deportment+1: Bearing 
deportment+2: Demeanor 
depose+1: dismiss 
depose+2: remove 
deposit+1: SetAside 
deposit+2: stay 
deposition+1: dismiss 
deposition+2: information 
depreciate+1: BecomeLess 
depreciate+2: PlayDown 
depreciatory+1: BecomeLess 
depreciatory+2: PlayDown 
depressant+1: able 
depressant+2: medicine 
depressed+1: upset 
depressed+2: wane 
depression+1: land 
depression+2: weather 
depth+1: Abstruseness 
depth+2: Depth 
derangement+1: disease 
derangement+2: phenomena 
deregulate+1: exempt 
deregulate+2: remove 
deregulation+1: exempt 
deregulation+2: remove 
derivation+1: ResultFrom 
derivation+2: Source 
derivative+1: chemical 
derivative+2: ResultFrom 
derive+1: grow 
derive+2: ResultFrom 
derrick+1: facilities 
derrick+2: machine 
desalinate+1: ize 
desalinate+2: remove 
desalination+1: ize 
desalination+2: remove 
desalinization+1: ize 
desalinization+2: remove 
desalinize+1: ize 
desalinize+2: remove 
desalt+1: ize 
desalt+2: remove 
describe+1: describe 
describe+2: explain 
description+1: describe 
description+2: explain 
desegregate+1: merge 
desegregate+2: remove 
desert+1: abandon 
desert+2: betray 
desertion+1: abandon 
desertion+2: betray 
desiccate+1: ill 
desiccate+2: remove 
designation+1: Name 
designation+2: naming 
desirability+1: Ability 
desirability+2: aspiration 
desirable+1: BestQuality 
desirable+2: worth 
desire+1: aspiration 
desire+2: request 
desolately+1: desolate 
desolately+2: wane 
desperate+1: miserable 
desperate+2: urgent 
desperately+1: resolute 
desperately+2: urgent 
despondent+1: disappointed 
despondent+2: disheartened 
despotism+1: Sensibleness 
despotism+2: system 
destiny+1: Fate 
destiny+2: phenomena 
destitution+1: experience 
destitution+2: poor 
destroy+1: damage 
destroy+2: destroy 
destroyer+1: human 
destroyer+2: weapon 
destruction+1: damage 
destruction+2: destroy 
detached+1: arrogant 
detached+2: PatternValue 
detachment+1: part 
detachment+2: separate 
detail+1: Content 
detail+2: explain 
detect+1: perception 
detect+2: scout 
detection+1: fact 
detection+2: perception 
detention+1: detain 
detention+2: obstruct 
detergent+1: chemical 
detergent+2: tool 
deteriorate+1: become 
deteriorate+2: decline 
deterioration+1: decline 
deterioration+2: OutOfOrder 
determinant+1: cause 
determinant+2: important 
determination+1: aspiration 
determination+2: decide 
determinative+1: cause 
determinative+2: important 
determine+1: decide 
determine+2: judge 
deterrence+1: frighten 
deterrence+2: Strength 
detest+1: disgust 
detest+2: hate 
detestable+1: able 
detestable+2: despicable 
dethrone+1: dismiss 
dethrone+2: remove 
detonator+1: part 
detonator+2: weapon 
devastate+1: damage 
devastate+2: destroy 
devastation+1: damage 
devastation+2: Occasion 
develop+1: explain 
develop+2: grow 
developer+1: human 
developer+2: material 
development+1: cultivate 
development+2: grow 
deviation+1: Fairness 
deviation+2: result 
device+1: implement 
device+2: method 
devise+1: create 
devise+2: plan 
devolve+1: decline 
devolve+2: submit 
devote+1: donate 
devote+2: give 
dexterous+1: able 
dexterous+2: dexterous 
dexterously+1: able 
dexterously+2: dexterous 
diabetic+1: disease 
diabetic+2: human 
diagnostic+1: diagnose 
diagnostic+2: PropertyValue 
diagram+1: explain 
diagram+2: image 
dialect+1: language 
dialect+2: Property 
dialogue+1: fact 
dialogue+2: text 
dialysis+1: doctor 
dialysis+2: fact 
diamond+1: material 
diamond+2: part 
diary+1: account 
diary+2: text 
dictate+1: control 
dictate+2: order 
dictation+1: control 
dictation+2: order 
dictatorial+1: autocratic 
dictatorial+2: fierce 
diction+1: expression 
diction+2: MakeSound 
diddle+1: cheat 
diddle+2: deceive 
diesel+1: material 
diesel+2: part 
differential+1: different 
differential+2: knowledge 
difficult+1: difficult 
difficult+2: miserable 
difficulty+1: mishap 
difficulty+2: phenomena 
diffident+1: timid 
diffident+2: uneasy 
diffract+1: explain 
diffract+2: illuminate 
diffuse+1: disperse 
diffuse+2: disseminate 
diffusion+1: disperse 
diffusion+2: spread 
digest+1: digest 
digest+2: text 
digestive+1: digest 
digestive+2: medicine 
digit+1: mark 
digit+2: symbol 
dignified+1: dignified 
dignified+2: HighRank 
dilate+1: enlarge 
dilate+2: explain 
dilatory+1: lazy 
dilatory+2: slow 
dilly+1: foolish 
dilly+2: joyful 
dillydally+1: delay 
dillydally+2: hesitate 
dilute+1: add 
dilute+2: dilute 
dilution+1: dilute 
dilution+2: weaken 
diminish+1: BecomeLess 
diminish+2: shrink 
dimly+1: blurred 
dimly+2: dark 
dimness+1: blurred 
dimness+2: dark 
diner+1: human 
diner+2: part 
dip+1: fact 
dip+2: moisten 
diplomacy+1: Ability 
diplomacy+2: affairs 
diplopia+1: disease 
diplopia+2: ill 
direct+1: manage 
direct+2: order 
directional+1: DirectioningValue 
directional+2: PerformanceValue 
dirigible+1: able 
dirigible+2: aircraft 
dirt+1: stone 
dirt+2: waste 
disable+1: disable 
disable+2: remove 
disadvantage+1: damage 
disadvantage+2: Disadvantage 
disagree+1: antagonistic 
disagree+2: disagree 
disagreeable+1: able 
disagreeable+2: BadTemper 
disagreement+1: antagonistic 
disagreement+2: debate 
disappoint+1: disappoint 
disappoint+2: disappointed 
disappointing+1: able 
disappointing+2: inferior 
disappointment+1: disappoint 
disappointment+2: disappointed 
disapproval+1: agree 
disapproval+2: text 
disapprove+1: agree 
disapprove+2: oppose 
disarm+1: remove 
disarm+2: subtract 
disarmament+1: remove 
disarmament+2: subtract 
disarray+1: chaotic 
disarray+2: sloppy 
disassociate+1: separate 
disassociate+2: withdraw 
disastrously+1: extreme 
disastrously+2: serious 
disbandment+1: remove 
disbandment+2: separate 
disbelievingly+1: BehaviorValue 
disbelievingly+2: doubt 
discard+1: abandon 
discard+2: discharge 
discern+1: debate 
discern+2: distinguish 
discernment+1: Ability 
discernment+2: distinguish 
disco+1: InstitutePlace 
disco+2: shows 
discomfit+1: MakeTrouble 
discomfit+2: uneasy 
discomfort+1: ill 
discomfort+2: uneasy 
disconcert+1: MakeTrouble 
disconcert+2: uneasy 
disconnect+1: disconnect 
disconnect+2: separate 
discontent+1: emotion 
discontent+2: unsatisfied 
discontinue+1: cease 
discontinue+2: end 
discordant+1: discordant 
discordant+2: inharmonious 
discount+1: Amount 
discount+2: fact 
discourage+1: discourage 
discourage+2: obstruct 
discouragement+1: disappointed 
discouragement+2: discourage 
discourse+1: discuss 
discourse+2: talk 
discourteous+1: gracious 
discourteous+2: impolite 
discourtesy+1: gracious 
discourtesy+2: impolite 
discovery+1: perception 
discovery+2: thing 
discredit+1: believe 
discredit+2: doubt 
discretion+1: Ability 
discretion+2: judge 
discrimination+1: despise 
discrimination+2: distinguish 
discuss+1: discuss 
discuss+2: explain 
discussion+1: discuss 
discussion+2: explain 
disengage+1: cease 
disengage+2: disconnect 
disengagement+1: cease 
disengagement+2: disconnect 
disesteem+1: despise 
disesteem+2: disgust 
disfavour+1: damage 
disfavour+2: experience 
disfigure+1: damage 
disfigure+2: FormChange 
disgorge+1: return 
disgorge+2: vomit 
disguise+1: physical 
disguise+2: pretend 
disgust+1: CauseToDo 
disgust+2: disgust 
disgusting+1: able 
disgusting+2: damage 
dish+1: food 
dish+2: propose 
disheartened+1: disappointed 
disheartened+2: disheartened 
dishevelled+1: loose 
dishevelled+2: ungracious 
dishonest+1: dishonest 
dishonest+2: honest 
dishonesty+1: deceive 
dishonesty+2: honest 
dishwasher+1: human 
dishwasher+2: tool 
disinclination+1: disgust 
disinclination+2: inactive 
dislike+1: disgust 
dislike+2: FondOf 
dislocate+1: MakeTrouble 
dislocate+2: wounded 
dislocation+1: part 
dislocation+2: phenomena 
dislodge+1: CauseToMove 
dislodge+2: exile 
disloyal+1: disloyal 
disloyal+2: treacherous 
dismantle+1: dismantle 
dismantle+2: remove 
dismantlement+1: dismantle 
dismantlement+2: remove 
dismay+1: disappointed 
dismay+2: fear 
dismiss+1: reject 
dismiss+2: remove 
dismissal+1: discharge 
dismissal+2: dismiss 
dismount+1: dismantle 
dismount+2: leave 
disorderly+1: chaotic 
disorderly+2: flighty 
dispassionate+1: fair 
dispassionate+2: gentle 
dispassionately+1: fair 
dispassionately+2: indifferent 
dispatcher+1: human 
dispatcher+2: tool 
dispel+1: discharge 
dispel+2: expel 
dispersal+1: disperse 
dispersal+2: expel 
disperse+1: disperse 
disperse+2: expel 
dispersed+1: PropertyValue 
dispersed+2: sparse 
dispersion+1: disperse 
dispersion+2: spread 
displacement+1: replace 
displacement+2: SelfMoveInDirection 
displume+1: deprive 
displume+2: StripOff 
disposable+1: convenient 
disposable+2: EffectivityValue 
disposition+1: arrange 
disposition+2: Behavior 
disqualify+1: disobey 
disqualify+2: remove 
dissect+1: analyze 
dissect+2: separate 
dissection+1: analyze 
dissection+2: separate 
dissemble+1: HideTruth 
dissemble+2: pretend 
dissemination+1: disseminate 
dissemination+2: issue 
dissent+1: disagree 
dissent+2: thought 
dissident+1: antagonistic 
dissident+2: human 
dissipate+1: disappear 
dissipate+2: exhaust 
dissipated+1: improper 
dissipated+2: lascivious 
dissipation+1: disappear 
dissipation+2: exhaust 
dissociate+1: RelateNot 
dissociate+2: separate 
dissociation+1: RelateNot 
dissociation+2: separate 
dissolute+1: immoral 
dissolute+2: lascivious 
dissolutely+1: immoral 
dissolutely+2: lascivious 
distant+1: distant 
distant+2: far 
distaste+1: disgust 
distaste+2: emotion 
distasteful+1: able 
distasteful+2: PoorTaste 
distension+1: enlarge 
distension+2: FormChange 
distinct+1: individual 
distinct+2: lucid 
distinctive+1: lucid 
distinctive+2: special 
distinctly+1: alike 
distinctly+2: different 
distinguished+1: famous 
distinguished+2: fantastic 
distract+1: CauseToDo 
distract+2: SelfMove 
distracted+1: sad 
distracted+2: stupefied 
distraction+1: experience 
distraction+2: SelfMove 
distress+1: cherish 
distress+2: mishap 
distribute+1: sell 
distribute+2: send 
distributed+1: issue 
distributed+2: PatternValue 
distribution+1: result 
distribution+2: sell 
district+1: part 
district+2: place 
distrust+1: believe 
distrust+2: doubt 
disturb+1: MakeTrouble 
disturb+2: MakeWorried 
disused+1: abandon 
disused+2: waste 
ditch+1: abandon 
ditch+2: facilities 
divaricate+1: FormChange 
divaricate+2: separate 
divergence+1: disperse 
divergence+2: Divergence 
divergent+1: different 
divergent+2: disperse 
diversity+1: Kind 
diversity+2: Similarity 
divest+1: deprive 
divest+2: StripOff 
divide+1: DoSum 
divide+2: separate 
dividend+1: symbol 
dividend+2: wealth 
divination+1: guess 
divination+2: predict 
divine+1: glorious 
divine+2: guess 
divorcement+1: divorce 
divorcement+2: fact 
doctrine+1: knowledge 
doctrine+2: regulation 
document+1: document 
document+2: record 
dodder+1: plant 
dodder+2: walk 
dog+1: chase 
dog+2: follow 
dogged+1: resolute 
dogged+2: stubborn 
doll+1: human 
doll+2: tool 
dollar+1: money 
dollar+2: Unit 
domain+1: part 
domain+2: place 
domicile+1: house 
domicile+2: place 
dominance+1: Advantage 
dominance+2: Power 
dominant+1: lucid 
dominant+2: primary 
domineer+1: control 
domineer+2: restrain 
domineering+1: arrogant 
domineering+2: autocratic 
Dominican+1: human 
Dominican+2: RelatingToCountry 
dominion+1: Advantage 
dominion+2: place 
Dong+1: money 
Dong+2: surname 
doom+1: CauseToDo 
doom+2: judge 
doomed+1: happen 
doomed+2: misfortunate 
door+1: location 
door+2: part 
doorsill+1: location 
doorsill+2: part 
doorstep+1: location 
doorstep+2: part 
dose+1: Amount 
dose+2: NounUnit 
doss+1: engage 
doss+2: sleep 
doubt+1: doubt 
doubt+2: emotion 
dour+1: FeelingByBad 
dour+2: resolute 
douse+1: remove 
douse+2: soak 
dove+1: bird 
dove+2: human 
downcast+1: disheartened 
downcast+2: FeelingByBad 
downhearted+1: disheartened 
downhearted+2: FeelingByBad 
downright+1: extreme 
downright+2: frank 
downstairs+1: GoDown 
downstairs+2: location 
downward+1: beneath 
downward+2: FuncWord 
dozy+1: awake 
dozy+2: CircumstancesValue 
drab+1: boring 
drab+2: SeekPleasure 
dramatisation+1: compile 
dramatisation+2: express 
dramatise+1: compile 
dramatise+2: express 
dramatization+1: compile 
dramatization+2: express 
dramatize+1: compile 
dramatize+2: express 
drastic+1: resolute 
drastic+2: strong 
draught+1: alcohol 
draught+2: Depth 
draw+1: pull 
draw+2: result 
dread+1: emotion 
dread+2: fear 
dream+1: phenomena 
dream+2: Scene 
dreamland+1: place 
dreamland+2: Scene 
dreary+1: desolate 
dreary+2: stuffy 
dribble+1: flow 
dribble+2: part 
driller+1: human 
driller+2: machine 
drilling+1: investigate 
drilling+2: spread 
drinkable+1: able 
drinkable+2: drinks 
drinking+1: able 
drinking+2: drink 
drip+1: GoDown 
drip+2: spray 
drive+1: urge 
drive+2: VehicleGo 
drivel+1: flow 
drivel+2: part 
drizzle+1: RainSnow 
drizzle+2: WeatherBad 
drool+1: expect 
drool+2: flow 
droop+1: CausePartMove 
droop+2: decline 
drooping+1: beneath 
drooping+2: CausePartMove 
dropsy+1: disease 
dropsy+2: swollen 
drought+1: mishap 
drought+2: waterless 
drown+1: die 
drown+2: undergo 
drowsiness+1: aspiration 
drowsiness+2: sleep 
drowsy+1: CircumstancesValue 
drowsy+2: sleep 
drudge+1: endeavour 
drudge+2: human 
druggist+1: human 
druggist+2: InstitutePlace 
drum+1: MusicTool 
drum+2: recreation 
drunk+1: dizzy 
drunk+2: human 
drunkenness+1: drink 
drunkenness+2: phenomena 
drydock+1: facilities 
drydock+2: pull 
duad+1: inanimate 
duad+2: thing 
dual+1: double 
dual+2: KindValue 
dubious+1: covert 
dubious+2: despicable 
duck+1: bird 
duck+2: escape 
due+1: proper 
due+2: sufficient 
duel+1: fact 
duel+2: fight 
dukedom+1: Occupation 
dukedom+2: place 
dully+1: stiff 
dully+2: wane 
dumb+1: disable 
dumb+2: foolish 
dun+1: force 
dun+2: request 
duodecimal+1: cardinal 
duodecimal+2: system 
dupe+1: deceive 
dupe+2: human 
duplication+1: print 
duplication+2: produce 
durable+1: durable 
durable+2: TimeLong 
duration+1: time 
duration+2: TimeLength 
dust+1: shape 
dust+2: stone 
Dutch+1: language 
Dutch+2: RelatingToCountry 
duty+1: affairs 
duty+2: duty 
dwarf+1: human 
dwarf+2: ize 
dwindle+1: BecomeLess 
dwindle+2: shrink 
dynamically+1: active 
dynamically+2: SituationValue 
dynamics+1: Intensity 
dynamics+2: knowledge 
dynamite+1: FormChange 
dynamite+2: material 
dynamo+1: human 
dynamo+2: machine 
dysplasia+1: disease 
dysplasia+2: phenomena 
each+1: all 
each+2: human 
eager+1: eager 
eager+2: expect 
eagerness+1: aspiration 
eagerness+2: emotion 
earing+1: grow 
earing+2: pregnant 
early+1: early 
early+2: StageEarly 
earn+1: earn 
earn+2: obtain 
earnest+1: careful 
earnest+2: cautious 
earnestly+1: cautious 
earnestly+2: earnest 
earnings+1: result 
earnings+2: wealth 
earth+1: stone 
earth+2: touch 
earthshaking+1: able 
earthshaking+2: important 
earthwork+1: affairs 
earthwork+2: facilities 
earthy+1: FormValue 
earthy+2: true 
ease+1: easy 
ease+2: phenomena 
easily+1: convenient 
easily+2: easy 
easiness+1: Easiness 
easiness+2: easy 
easygoing+1: idle 
easygoing+2: lenient 
eatable+1: able 
eatable+2: edible 
eater+1: chemical 
eater+2: human 
eavesdropper+1: human 
eavesdropper+2: tool 
ebb+1: decline 
ebb+2: GoDown 
Ebola+1: bacteria 
Ebola+2: disease 
ebony+1: black 
ebony+2: tree 
eccentric+1: biased 
eccentric+2: eccentric 
eccentrically+1: biased 
eccentrically+2: eccentric 
eccentricity+1: biased 
eccentricity+2: eccentric 
echelon+1: part 
echelon+2: shape 
echo+1: reply 
echo+2: respond 
eclipse+1: BeBad 
eclipse+2: weather 
ecology+1: Circumstances 
ecology+2: knowledge 
economy+1: affairs 
economy+2: economize 
ecstasy+1: drug 
ecstasy+2: FondOf 
Ecuadoran+1: human 
Ecuadoran+2: RelatingToCountry 
eddy+1: circle 
eddy+2: phenomena 
edgeless+1: blunt 
edgeless+2: sharp 
edible+1: able 
edible+2: edible 
edifice+1: building 
edifice+2: house 
edify+1: cultivate 
edify+2: teach 
edit+1: affairs 
edit+2: compile 
editorial+1: compile 
editorial+2: text 
education+1: affairs 
education+2: Breeding 
eerie+1: able 
eerie+2: queer 
effacement+1: forget 
effacement+2: remove 
effectiveness+1: effective 
effectiveness+2: Effectivity 
efflorescence+1: StateChange 
efflorescence+2: time 
effortful+1: difficult 
effortful+2: effortful 
effortless+1: effortless 
effortless+2: lazy 
eggplant+1: part 
eggplant+2: vegetable 
egoism+1: selfish 
egoism+2: thinking 
Egyptian+1: human 
Egyptian+2: RelatingToCountry 
eiderdown+1: material 
eiderdown+2: part 
ejaculate+1: excrete 
ejaculate+2: speak 
eject+1: drain 
eject+2: expel 
elaborate+1: careful 
elaborate+2: explain 
elastic+1: flexible 
elastic+2: PerformanceValue 
elate+1: excite 
elate+2: satisfied 
elbow+1: bump 
elbow+2: part 
elderly+1: aged 
elderly+2: human 
eldest+1: human 
eldest+2: senior 
electric+1: electricity 
electric+2: PerformanceValue 
electrical+1: electricity 
electrical+2: Strength 
electrically+1: electricity 
electrically+2: PerformanceValue 
electricity+1: electricity 
electricity+2: knowledge 
electrification+1: feed 
electrification+2: ize 
electrify+1: function 
electrify+2: ize 
electronic+1: part 
electronic+2: PerformanceValue 
elegant+1: beautiful 
elegant+2: gracious 
elegy+1: music 
elegy+2: text 
elementary+1: elementary 
elementary+2: important 
elevate+1: lift 
elevate+2: MakeHigher 
elevation+1: lift 
elevation+2: upgrade 
elevator+1: facilities 
elevator+2: machine 
eligibility+1: Qualification 
eligibility+2: qualified 
ellipsis+1: phenomena 
ellipsis+2: symbol 
elongate+1: AlterForm 
elongate+2: AlterMeasurement 
eloquence+1: Ability 
eloquence+2: fact 
eloquent+1: fluent 
eloquent+2: powerful 
else+1: FuncWord 
else+2: inanimate 
elude+1: escape 
elude+2: evade 
emaciated+1: bony 
emaciated+2: frail 
email+1: InfoCarrier 
email+2: letter 
emanate+1: announce 
emanate+2: begin 
embankment+1: build 
embankment+2: facilities 
embark+1: arrive 
embark+2: GoInto 
embarrass+1: embarrassed 
embarrass+2: obstruct 
embarrassed+1: embarrassed 
embarrassed+2: shy 
embarrassment+1: embarrassed 
embarrassment+2: obstruct 
embezzlement+1: fact 
embezzlement+2: steal 
emblazon+1: apply 
emblazon+2: decorate 
embodiment+1: mean 
embodiment+2: thing 
embody+1: contain 
embody+2: mean 
embolden+1: excite 
embolden+2: urge 
embrace+1: contain 
embrace+2: endorse 
embroider+1: boast 
embroider+2: decorate 
embroidery+1: fasten 
embroidery+2: thing 
embryonic+1: part 
embryonic+2: StageEarly 
emend+1: amend 
emend+2: check 
emergence+1: appear 
emergence+2: ComeToWorld 
eminent+1: famous 
eminent+2: fantastic 
emit+1: drain 
emit+2: jet 
emotional+1: emotion 
emotional+2: EmotionalityValue 
emphasis+1: emphasize 
emphasis+2: part 
empiricism+1: knowledge 
empiricism+2: thinking 
employ+1: employ 
employ+2: use 
emporium+1: InstitutePlace 
emporium+2: part 
empty+1: dump 
empty+2: empty 
empyrean+1: noble 
empyrean+2: sky 
emulate+1: compete 
emulate+2: imitate 
emulation+1: compete 
emulation+2: knowledge 
emulator+1: human 
emulator+2: tool 
enact+1: announce 
enact+2: perform 
enactment+1: forming 
enactment+2: regulation 
enamel+1: apply 
enamel+2: material 
encampment+1: place 
encampment+2: reside 
encasement+1: load 
encasement+2: tool 
enchant+1: attract 
enchant+2: entice 
enchanting+1: attractive 
enchanting+2: bewitching 
enchantment+1: Ability 
enchantment+2: method 
encipher+1: AlterProperty 
encipher+2: translate 
encircle+1: BeNear 
encircle+2: coil 
encirclement+1: BeNear 
encirclement+2: coil 
enclose+1: include 
enclose+2: surround 
encode+1: AlterProperty 
encode+2: translate 
encoder+1: human 
encoder+2: part 
encompass+1: coil 
encompass+2: surround 
encourage+1: endorse 
encourage+2: excite 
encouragement+1: endorse 
encouragement+2: urge 
end+1: purpose 
end+2: result 
endeavor+1: endeavour 
endeavor+2: Strength 
endeavour+1: endeavour 
endeavour+2: Strength 
endemic+1: able 
endemic+2: human 
ending+1: part 
ending+2: result 
endlessly+1: extensive 
endlessly+2: interrupted 
endocrine+1: fact 
endocrine+2: physical 
endow+1: donate 
endow+2: give 
endowment+1: Ability 
endowment+2: donate 
endure+1: endure 
endure+2: keep 
enemy+1: army 
enemy+2: human 
energetic+1: strong 
energetic+2: sturdy 
energetically+1: strong 
energetically+2: sturdy 
energize+1: CauseToLive 
energize+2: provide 
energy+1: Life 
energy+2: Strength 
engage+1: fight 
engage+2: MakeAppointment 
engender+1: reproduce 
engender+2: ResultIn 
engineering+1: affairs 
engineering+2: knowledge 
English+1: language 
English+2: RelatingToCountry 
engrave+1: carve 
engrave+2: record 
enigmatic+1: covert 
enigmatic+2: profound 
enigmatically+1: covert 
enigmatically+2: profound 
enjoy+1: enjoy 
enjoy+2: own 
enjoyable+1: interesting 
enjoyable+2: peaceful 
enjoyment+1: enjoy 
enjoyment+2: own 
enlightened+1: erudite 
enlightened+2: teach 
ennui+1: disgust 
ennui+2: tired 
enormously+1: big 
enormously+2: extensive 
enough+1: DegreeValue 
enough+2: sufficient 
enounce+1: announce 
enounce+2: MakeSound 
enquiry+1: investigate 
enquiry+2: text 
ensign+1: human 
ensign+2: tool 
enslave+1: ize 
enslave+2: use 
enslavement+1: ize 
enslavement+2: use 
ensure+1: announce 
ensure+2: CauseToDo 
entanglement+1: coil 
entanglement+2: fact 
enter+1: GoInto 
enter+2: record 
enteroptosis+1: disease 
enteroptosis+2: phenomena 
enterprise+1: Activeness 
enterprise+2: aspiration 
enterprisingness+1: Activeness 
enterprisingness+2: aspiration 
entertain+1: cherish 
entertain+2: entertain 
enticement+1: Ability 
enticement+2: entice 
entirely+1: extreme 
entirely+2: only 
entirety+1: thing 
entirety+2: Wholeness 
entitle+1: naming 
entitle+2: order 
entrap+1: cheat 
entrap+2: deceive 
entreatingly+1: BehaviorValue 
entreatingly+2: resolute 
entreaty+1: request 
entreaty+2: text 
entree+1: food 
entree+2: location 
entrench+1: defend 
entrench+2: fix 
enumerate+1: count 
enumerate+2: quote 
enumeration+1: count 
enumeration+2: quote 
enunciate+1: explain 
enunciate+2: MakeSound 
enunciation+1: explain 
enunciation+2: MakeSound 
envelop+1: cover 
envelop+2: surround 
envelope+1: part 
envelope+2: tool 
envelopment+1: cover 
envelopment+2: surround 
environ+1: ComeTogether 
environ+2: surround 
envisage+1: guess 
envisage+2: think 
envision+1: predict 
envision+2: think 
epic+1: fact 
epic+2: great 
epidemic+1: disease 
epidemic+2: fashionable 
epigraphy+1: knowledge 
epigraphy+2: text 
episode+1: fact 
episode+2: text 
epitome+1: example 
epitome+2: text 
epitomise+1: explain 
epitomise+2: ize 
epoxy+1: fasten 
epoxy+2: material 
equality+1: fair 
equality+2: Similarity 
equally+1: alike 
equally+2: fair 
equanimity+1: calm 
equanimity+2: peaceful 
equate+1: CompareTo 
equate+2: equal 
equation+1: equal 
equation+2: expression 
equitable+1: fair 
equitable+2: reasonable 
equitably+1: fair 
equitably+2: reasonable 
equity+1: fair 
equity+2: Worth 
equivocalness+1: information 
equivocalness+2: Lucidity 
eradicate+1: destroy 
eradicate+2: remove 
eradication+1: destroy 
eradication+2: remove 
erect+1: stand 
erect+2: straight 
erectile+1: straight 
erectile+2: upmove 
eristic+1: debate 
eristic+2: human 
ermine+1: beast 
ermine+2: part 
erotic+1: experience 
erotic+2: human 
erotica+1: affairs 
erotica+2: readings 
err+1: err 
err+2: misunderstand 
eruct+1: ill 
eruct+2: StomachTrouble 
erudite+1: erudite 
erudite+2: human 
erudition+1: erudite 
erudition+2: Learning 
erupt+1: happen 
erupt+2: ill 
eruption+1: happen 
eruption+2: jet 
eruptive+1: able 
eruptive+2: ill 
escallop+1: cook 
escallop+2: fish 
escape+1: escape 
escape+2: flee 
escapist+1: escape 
escapist+2: human 
Eskimo+1: human 
Eskimo+2: language 
especially+1: FuncWord 
especially+2: very 
Esperantist+1: human 
Esperantist+2: language 
espousal+1: endorse 
espousal+2: fact 
essence+1: human 
essence+2: material 
essentially+1: FuncWord 
essentially+2: important 
essentials+1: part 
essentials+2: regulation 
establish+1: establish 
establish+2: forming 
established+1: constant 
established+2: PropertyValue 
estate+1: land 
estate+2: wealth 
esthetic+1: able 
esthetic+2: GoodLooking 
estimable+1: able 
estimable+2: precious 
estimate+1: calculate 
estimate+2: estimate 
Estonian+1: language 
Estonian+2: RelatingToCountry 
estrange+1: from 
estrange+2: separate 
estrangement+1: emotion 
estrangement+2: from 
etch+1: carve 
etch+2: damage 
eternity+1: permanent 
eternity+2: TimeLong 
ether+1: chemical 
ether+2: tool 
ethics+1: knowledge 
ethics+2: Morality 
Ethiopian+1: human 
Ethiopian+2: RelatingToCountry 
ethnic+1: human 
ethnic+2: tribe 
etiolation+1: AlterColor 
etiolation+2: grey 
eucalyptus+1: crop 
eucalyptus+2: tree 
eulogy+1: praise 
eulogy+2: text 
European+1: earth 
European+2: human 
evacuate+1: disperse 
evacuate+2: MoveItBack 
evacuation+1: disperse 
evacuation+2: MoveItBack 
evade+1: escape 
evade+2: evade 
evaporation+1: disappear 
evaporation+2: GoUp 
evasion+1: escape 
evasion+2: evade 
even+1: level 
even+2: neat 
evenly+1: balanced 
evenly+2: fair 
ever+1: always 
ever+2: FuncWord 
evergreen+1: green 
evergreen+2: tree 
everyday+1: FrequencyValue 
everyday+2: ordinary 
everything+1: fact 
everything+2: thing 
everywhere+1: location 
everywhere+2: wholly 
evidence+1: information 
evidence+2: prove 
evidently+1: FuncWord 
evidently+2: lucid 
evocation+1: excite 
evocation+2: ResultIn 
evoke+1: excite 
evoke+2: ResultIn 
evolution+1: change 
evolution+2: prosper 
exact+1: accurate 
exact+2: beg 
exactly+1: accurate 
exactly+2: FuncWord 
exaggeration+1: boast 
exaggeration+2: information 
exalt+1: praise 
exalt+2: upgrade 
examine+1: check 
examine+2: diagnose 
exasperate+1: irritate 
exasperate+2: ize 
excavate+1: dig 
excavate+2: gather 
excavation+1: dig 
excavation+2: gather 
exceed+1: BeBeyond 
exceed+2: surpass 
exceedingly+1: extreme 
exceedingly+2: strong 
exceptional+1: extraordinary 
exceptional+2: special 
exceptionally+1: extraordinary 
exceptionally+2: fantastic 
excerpt+1: gather 
excerpt+2: text 
excess+1: cross 
excess+2: indulge 
excessive+1: many 
excessive+2: over 
excise+1: cut 
excise+2: expenditure 
excision+1: cut 
excision+2: fact 
excitant+1: able 
excitant+2: medicine 
excitation+1: excite 
excitation+2: experience 
excite+1: excite 
excite+2: excited 
excitedly+1: EmotionalityValue 
excitedly+2: excited 
excitement+1: emotion 
excitement+2: thing 
exciting+1: able 
exciting+2: interesting 
exclaim+1: cry 
exclaim+2: surprise 
exclusion+1: discharge 
exclusion+2: refuse 
exclusive+1: AttachmentValue 
exclusive+2: discharge 
exclusively+1: only 
exclusively+2: special 
exclusiveness+1: Performance 
exclusiveness+2: unrighteous 
excusable+1: able 
excusable+2: possible 
excuse+1: exempt 
excuse+2: forgive 
execute+1: conduct 
execute+2: kill 
execution+1: conduct 
execution+2: kill 
executive+1: conduct 
executive+2: human 
exempt+1: able 
exempt+2: exempt 
exemption+1: exempt 
exemption+2: rights 
exert+1: conduct 
exert+2: urge 
exertion+1: conduct 
exertion+2: explain 
exfoliate+1: physical 
exfoliate+2: StripOff 
exhausted+1: all 
exhausted+2: few 
exhaustibility+1: Ability 
exhaustibility+2: able 
exhaustion+1: decline 
exhaustion+2: exhaust 
exhaustive+1: complete 
exhaustive+2: detailed 
exhaustless+1: diligent 
exhaustless+2: many 
exhibit+1: display 
exhibit+2: exposure 
exhortation+1: persuade 
exhortation+2: text 
exile+1: exile 
exile+2: human 
exist+1: alive 
exist+2: exist 
existence+1: alive 
existence+2: exist 
existent+1: exist 
existent+2: thing 
existing+1: exist 
existing+2: present 
exit+1: leave 
exit+2: location 
expanse+1: broad 
expanse+2: NounUnit 
expatriate+1: exile 
expatriate+2: human 
expect+1: expect 
expect+2: predict 
expectant+1: impossible 
expectant+2: possible 
expectation+1: aspiration 
expectation+2: expect 
expel+1: discharge 
expel+2: expel 
expend+1: pay 
expend+2: spend 
experience+1: experience 
experience+2: undergo 
expert+1: able 
expert+2: human 
expertness+1: Ability 
expertness+2: knowledge 
explanation+1: explain 
explanation+2: text 
explode+1: FormChange 
explode+2: lighting 
exploit+1: accomplishment 
exploit+2: use 
exploration+1: investigate 
exploration+2: seek 
explorative+1: able 
explorative+2: PropertyValue 
exploratory+1: able 
exploratory+2: PropertyValue 
explosive+1: chemical 
explosive+2: dangerous 
exponent+1: human 
exponent+2: symbol 
export+1: artifact 
export+2: sell 
exposition+1: explain 
exposition+2: fact 
expostulation+1: persuade 
expostulation+2: text 
exposure+1: exposure 
exposure+2: reveal 
expropriate+1: deprive 
expropriate+2: levy 
expropriation+1: deprive 
expropriation+2: rob 
exquisite+1: beautiful 
exquisite+2: gracious 
exquisitely+1: beautiful 
exquisitely+2: gracious 
extend+1: LeadTo 
extend+2: unfold 
extension+1: tool 
extension+2: unfold 
extensively+1: broad 
extensively+2: extensive 
extent+1: Circumstances 
extent+2: Degree 
extinct+1: function 
extinct+2: perish 
extinguish+1: destroy 
extinguish+2: disappear 
extirpate+1: destroy 
extirpate+2: PickOut 
extol+1: please 
extol+2: praise 
extra+1: over 
extra+2: public 
extracurricular+1: immoral 
extracurricular+2: time 
extraordinary+1: extraordinary 
extraordinary+2: fantastic 
extraterrestrial+1: humanized 
extraterrestrial+2: sky 
extravagant+1: extravagant 
extravagant+2: luxurious 
extravagantly+1: extravagant 
extravagantly+2: luxurious 
extravasate+1: drain 
extravasate+2: part 
extreme+1: biased 
extreme+2: Boundary 
extremely+1: biased 
extremely+2: extreme 
extremist+1: human 
extremist+2: strong 
extremum+1: Amount 
extremum+2: Boundary 
extrinsic+1: external 
extrinsic+2: PropertyValue 
extrovert+1: human 
extrovert+2: overt 
extrude+1: expel 
extrude+2: SqueezeOut 
exudate+1: drain 
exudate+2: part 
exudation+1: drain 
exudation+2: part 
exude+1: disperse 
exude+2: drain 
fabric+1: artifact 
fabric+2: part 
fabricate+1: forge 
fabricate+2: produce 
fabrication+1: forge 
fabrication+2: human 
facade+1: Appearance 
facade+2: location 
face+1: part 
face+2: prepare 
facile+1: easy 
facile+2: fluent 
facility+1: facilities 
facility+2: Performance 
facsimile+1: image 
facsimile+2: post 
factor+1: part 
factor+2: symbol 
faculty+1: Ability 
faculty+2: part 
fad+1: phenomena 
fad+2: SocialMode 
fade+1: AppearanceChange 
fade+2: decline 
fag+1: endeavour 
fag+2: human 
failure+1: fail 
failure+2: human 
faineant+1: human 
faineant+2: lazy 
fair+1: mediocre 
fair+2: spotless 
fairly+1: fair 
fairly+2: ish 
fairness+1: attractive 
fairness+2: Fairness 
fake+1: fake 
fake+2: forge 
fall+1: perish 
fall+2: suffer 
fallout+1: physical 
fallout+2: result 
false+1: artificial 
false+2: fake 
falsely+1: fake 
falsely+2: wrong 
falsification+1: alter 
falsification+2: deceive 
falsify+1: alter 
falsify+2: forge 
familial+1: family 
familial+2: SourceValue 
familiarity+1: Familiarity 
familiarity+2: rash 
famish+1: HungryThirsty 
famish+2: suffer 
famished+1: HungryThirsty 
famished+2: suffer 
fanaticism+1: ardent 
fanaticism+2: Emotionality 
fantasy+1: cherish 
fantasy+2: thought 
far+1: far 
far+2: TimeLong 
fare+1: alive 
fare+2: expenditure 
farfetched+1: difficult 
farfetched+2: wrong 
farming+1: affairs 
farming+2: engage 
farsighted+1: able 
farsighted+2: wise 
farsightedness+1: Ability 
farsightedness+2: disease 
fart+1: excrete 
fart+2: phenomena 
fascicle+1: account 
fascicle+2: part 
fascinate+1: attract 
fascinate+2: FondOf 
fascination+1: Ability 
fascination+2: attract 
fashion+1: Behavior 
fashion+2: SocialMode 
fashionable+1: fashionable 
fashionable+2: flourishing 
fashionably+1: fashionable 
fashionably+2: flourishing 
fasten+1: fasten 
fasten+2: fix 
fastidious+1: difficult 
fastidious+2: estimate 
fastness+1: Mobility 
fastness+2: Steadiness 
fat+1: part 
fat+2: SpeedUp 
fatal+1: able 
fatal+2: miserable 
fatalist+1: human 
fatalist+2: knowledge 
fatality+1: Ability 
fatality+2: die 
fateful+1: able 
fateful+2: miserable 
fathom+1: investigate 
fathom+2: measure 
fatten+1: AlterForm 
fatten+2: FormChange 
fatty+1: fat 
fatty+2: human 
fatuousness+1: foolish 
fatuousness+2: Wisdom 
faulty+1: result 
faulty+2: wrong 
favor+1: agree 
favor+2: endorse 
favour+1: grant 
favour+2: like 
favouritism+1: emotion 
favouritism+2: protect 
fawn+1: beast 
fawn+2: please 
fax+1: image 
fax+2: post 
fear+1: emotion 
fear+2: fear 
fearful+1: able 
fearful+2: fierce 
fearfully+1: able 
fearfully+2: fierce 
fearlessly+1: brave 
fearlessly+2: timid 
feat+1: accomplishment 
feat+2: fact 
feather+1: appear 
feather+2: part 
feathery+1: fine 
feathery+2: part 
fecundity+1: Ability 
fecundity+2: Fertility 
federation+1: ally 
federation+2: community 
feebly+1: frail 
feebly+2: weak 
feed+1: physical 
feed+2: ProvideFor 
feeder+1: facilities 
feeder+2: material 
feeling+1: emotion 
feeling+2: experience 
feet+1: part 
feet+2: Unit 
feign+1: pretend 
feign+2: speak 
feint+1: attack 
feint+2: pretend 
fell+1: break 
fell+2: pass 
fellowship+1: fact 
fellowship+2: Intimacy 
ferocity+1: emotion 
ferocity+2: fierce 
ferry+1: cross 
ferry+2: ship 
fertile+1: able 
fertile+2: fertile 
fertility+1: Ability 
fertility+2: Effectivity 
fertilization+1: fact 
fertilization+2: transmit 
fertilize+1: feed 
fertilize+2: transmit 
fervent+1: ardent 
fervent+2: hot 
fervently+1: ardent 
fervently+2: hot 
fester+1: inflamed 
fester+2: phenomena 
festival+1: fact 
festival+2: time 
fetishism+1: phenomena 
fetishism+2: thinking 
fetor+1: Odor 
fetor+2: stinky 
fetter+1: restrain 
fetter+2: wrap 
feud+1: fact 
feud+2: quarrel 
feverish+1: ardent 
feverish+2: busy 
fibre+1: material 
fibre+2: part 
fibreoptic+1: knowledge 
fibreoptic+2: material 
fidelity+1: Similarity 
fidelity+2: SoundQuality 
fidget+1: uneasy 
fidget+2: upset 
fiend+1: human 
fiend+2: humanized 
fierce+1: fierce 
fierce+2: strong 
fiercely+1: fierce 
fiercely+2: strong 
fierceness+1: emotion 
fierceness+2: Strength 
fiery+1: ardent 
fiery+2: BadTemper 
fifties+1: Age 
fifties+2: AgeValue 
fig+1: fruit 
fig+2: MakeUp 
figure+1: think 
figure+2: trace 
figurine+1: image 
figurine+2: tool 
Fiji+1: language 
Fiji+2: place 
Fijian+1: human 
Fijian+2: RelatingToCountry 
filament+1: material 
filament+2: part 
filature+1: InstitutePlace 
filature+2: produce 
file+1: shape 
file+2: store 
filiform+1: linear 
filiform+2: shape 
fill+1: load 
fill+2: provide 
filler+1: material 
filler+2: text 
filthily+1: despicable 
filthily+2: dirty 
filthy+1: despicable 
filthy+2: dirty 
filtrate+1: filter 
filtrate+2: tool 
final+1: fact 
final+2: last 
finally+1: FuncWord 
finally+2: TimingValue 
financing+1: gather 
financing+2: provide 
find+1: LookFor 
find+2: perception 
fine+1: small 
fine+2: weak 
finish+1: location 
finish+2: part 
Finnish+1: language 
Finnish+2: RelatingToCountry 
fire+1: firing 
fire+2: mishap 
firewall+1: facilities 
firewall+2: software 
firmly+1: durable 
firmly+2: resolute 
firmness+1: Constancy 
firmness+2: Will 
firstly+1: first 
firstly+2: FuncWord 
fishery+1: affairs 
fishery+2: place 
fisticuffs+1: beat 
fisticuffs+2: fact 
fit+1: proper 
fit+2: suitable 
fitness+1: Adaptability 
fitness+2: fact 
fix+1: MakeAppointment 
fix+2: repair 
fixation+1: forming 
fixation+2: install 
fixed+1: constant 
fixed+2: PropertyValue 
fixedness+1: Mobility 
fixedness+2: Steadiness 
fixer+1: human 
fixer+2: material 
fixity+1: Mobility 
fixity+2: Steadiness 
flagellate+1: animate 
flagellate+2: beat 
flagitious+1: fierce 
flagitious+2: guilty 
flagrant+1: fierce 
flagrant+2: vicious 
flagrantly+1: fierce 
flagrantly+2: overt 
flagship+1: primary 
flagship+2: weapon 
flam+1: deceive 
flam+2: plans 
flamboyant+1: flighty 
flamboyant+2: tree 
flammable+1: able 
flammable+2: easy 
flank+1: location 
flank+2: part 
flare+1: happen 
flare+2: illuminate 
flatly+1: boring 
flatly+2: resolute 
flatulence+1: insubstantial 
flatulence+2: phenomena 
flavor+1: adjust 
flavor+2: Taste 
fledgeling+1: bird 
fledgeling+2: human 
fledgling+1: bird 
fledgling+2: human 
fleece+1: part 
fleece+2: propose 
flexible+1: benevolent 
flexible+2: flexible 
flexibly+1: able 
flexibly+2: flexible 
flick+1: MakeSound 
flick+2: shoot 
flicker+1: illuminate 
flicker+2: wave 
flier+1: information 
flier+2: readings 
flight+1: aircraft 
flight+2: fact 
flighty+1: absentminded 
flighty+2: easy 
flimsy+1: insubstantial 
flimsy+2: thin 
fling+1: abandon 
fling+2: throw 
flip+1: fact 
flip+2: roll 
flirting+1: entice 
flirting+2: lascivious 
float+1: SelfMoveInManner 
float+2: swim 
floater+1: disease 
floater+2: human 
floating+1: float 
floating+2: symbol 
flock+1: ComeTogether 
flock+2: group 
flood+1: spill 
flood+2: undergo 
floodlight+1: illuminate 
floodlight+2: tool 
flop+1: fail 
flop+2: sound 
floriculture+1: knowledge 
floriculture+2: planting 
florid+1: luxurious 
florid+2: magnificent 
florist+1: human 
florist+2: InstitutePlace 
flounder+1: endeavour 
flounder+2: fish 
flourishing+1: exuberant 
flourishing+2: flourishing 
flow+1: Amount 
flow+2: flow 
flowering+1: pregnant 
flowering+2: time 
flub+1: damage 
flub+2: result 
fluctuate+1: change 
fluctuate+2: hesitate 
fluctuation+1: change 
fluctuation+2: QuantityChange 
fluency+1: Deftness 
fluency+2: fluent 
fluently+1: able 
fluently+2: fluent 
fluff+1: damage 
fluff+2: loosen 
fluffy+1: fine 
fluffy+2: loose 
fluid+1: liquid 
fluid+2: physical 
fluke+1: InsectWorm 
fluke+2: part 
flurry+1: RainSnow 
flurry+2: uneasy 
flyer+1: human 
flyer+2: information 
foam+1: gas 
foam+2: part 
fob+1: deceive 
fob+2: fittings 
foetor+1: Odor 
foetor+2: stinky 
fog+1: CloudMist 
fog+2: cover 
folder+1: document 
folder+2: tool 
folk+1: human 
folk+2: location 
folklore+1: knowledge 
folklore+2: text 
follow+1: KeepOn 
follow+2: obey 
folly+1: fact 
folly+2: improper 
foment+1: urge 
foment+2: WarmUp 
food+1: edible 
food+2: material 
fool+1: deceive 
fool+2: human 
foolhardiness+1: careless 
foolhardiness+2: Cautiousness 
foolproof+1: convenient 
foolproof+2: obstruct 
football+1: fact 
football+2: SportTool 
footstep+1: Distance 
footstep+2: sound 
forbear+1: human 
forbear+2: restrain 
forbearance+1: endure 
forbearance+2: Patience 
forceful+1: brave 
forceful+2: strong 
ford+1: part 
ford+2: walk 
fore+1: InFront 
fore+2: part 
forearm+1: part 
forearm+2: prepare 
forecast+1: announce 
forecast+2: predict 
forefront+1: location 
forefront+2: place 
foremost+1: primary 
foremost+2: StageEarly 
forest+1: land 
forest+2: tree 
forestall+1: attack 
forestall+2: do 
forever+1: always 
forever+2: permanent 
forewarning+1: able 
forewarning+2: tell 
forge+1: forge 
forge+2: produce 
forgo+1: abandon 
forgo+2: ExistAppear 
forlorn+1: miserable 
forlorn+2: suffer 
formal+1: formal 
formal+2: RangeValue 
formality+1: Formality 
formality+2: Standard 
formally+1: formal 
formally+2: RangeValue 
formation+1: contain 
formation+2: forming 
formidable+1: difficult 
formidable+2: dignified 
formidably+1: difficult 
formidably+2: dignified 
formulation+1: express 
formulation+2: forming 
forties+1: Age 
forties+2: AgeValue 
fortification+1: defend 
fortification+2: facilities 
fortify+1: defend 
fortify+2: strengthen 
fortunately+1: fortunate 
fortunately+2: FuncWord 
fortune+1: Fate 
fortune+2: wealth 
forward+1: TimeLong 
forward+2: transmit 
forwards+1: human 
forwards+2: InFront 
foster+1: cultivate 
foster+2: entrust 
foul+1: despicable 
foul+2: dirty 
foundation+1: reason 
foundation+2: Scene 
founder+1: GoDown 
founder+2: human 
fountain+1: facilities 
fountain+2: Source 
fraction+1: part 
fraction+2: symbol 
fractional+1: inanimate 
fractional+2: incomplete 
fractious+1: BadTemper 
fractious+2: stubborn 
fracture+1: disease 
fracture+2: FormChange 
fragile+1: crisp 
fragile+2: easy 
fragilility+1: crisp 
fragilility+2: frail 
fragment+1: part 
fragment+2: separate 
fragmentary+1: fragment 
fragmentary+2: incomplete 
fragmented+1: incomplete 
fragmented+2: inconsistent 
franchise+1: affairs 
franchise+2: ExpressAgreement 
frank+1: frank 
frank+2: honest 
frankly+1: frank 
frankly+2: honest 
frankness+1: frank 
frankness+2: Frankness 
fraud+1: cheat 
fraud+2: fact 
freak+1: fear 
freak+2: humanized 
freedom+1: free 
freedom+2: Freedom 
freelance+1: employ 
freelance+2: human 
freely+1: free 
freely+2: idle 
freezer+1: facilities 
freezer+2: tool 
freight+1: artifact 
freight+2: expenditure 
freightage+1: expenditure 
freightage+2: fact 
fresh+1: new 
fresh+2: recent 
freshly+1: impolite 
freshly+2: new 
fret+1: damage 
fret+2: rub 
friction+1: forge 
friction+2: rub 
friendliness+1: amiable 
friendliness+2: emotion 
friendly+1: amiable 
friendly+2: harmonious 
frighten+1: fear 
frighten+2: frighten 
frightful+1: able 
frightful+2: fear 
frigid+1: cold 
frigid+2: fierce 
frisk+1: LookFor 
frisk+2: recreation 
frog+1: beast 
frog+2: catch 
frolic+1: jump 
frolic+2: recreation 
frontage+1: location 
frontage+2: part 
frontal+1: place 
frontal+2: tool 
frosty+1: cold 
frosty+2: indifferent 
froth+1: appear 
froth+2: gas 
frozen+1: cold 
frozen+2: indifferent 
fructify+1: reproduce 
fructify+2: succeed 
frustration+1: emotion 
frustration+2: fact 
fry+1: cook 
fry+2: fish 
fuel+1: excite 
fuel+2: feed 
fugitive+1: flee 
fugitive+2: human 
fulfilment+1: emotion 
fulfilment+2: fulfil 
full+1: sufficient 
full+2: wholly 
fully+1: sufficient 
fully+2: wholly 
fumble+1: damage 
fumble+2: LookFor 
fume+1: CloudMist 
fume+2: jet 
functional+1: PropertyValue 
functional+2: Role 
fund+1: fund 
fund+2: provide 
fundamental+1: important 
fundamental+2: necessary 
fundamentalist+1: human 
fundamentalist+2: thinking 
fundamentally+1: FuncWord 
fundamentally+2: important 
funding+1: fund 
funding+2: provide 
fungicide+1: medicine 
fungicide+2: tool 
fungus+1: AlgaeFungi 
fungus+2: bacteria 
funnel+1: GoOut 
funnel+2: part 
funnily+1: interesting 
funnily+2: queer 
funny+1: fishy 
funny+2: interesting 
fur+1: inlay 
fur+2: material 
furious+1: angry 
furious+2: fierce 
furl+1: fold 
furl+2: shut 
furnace+1: facilities 
furnace+2: tool 
further+1: more 
further+2: urge 
fuss+1: quarrel 
fuss+2: uneasy 
fussy+1: angry 
fussy+2: difficult 
futile+1: disadvantageous 
futile+2: ineffective 
Ga+1: metal 
Ga+2: place 
Gabonese+1: human 
Gabonese+2: RelatingToCountry 
gag+1: fact 
gag+2: obstruct 
gain+1: result 
gain+2: undergo 
gainful+1: able 
gainful+2: acquisitive 
gait+1: Distance 
gait+2: Posture 
gall+1: irritate 
gall+2: swollen 
gallantry+1: Behavior 
gallantry+2: brave 
gambling+1: fact 
gambling+2: Habit 
gambol+1: jump 
gambol+2: recreation 
game+1: food 
game+2: NounUnit 
gaminess+1: brave 
gaminess+2: vulgar 
gangrene+1: disease 
gangrene+2: ill 
gaol+1: detain 
gaol+2: InstitutePlace 
gape+1: look 
gape+2: respire 
garage+1: facilities 
garage+2: put 
garb+1: Attire 
garb+2: MakeUp 
garbage+1: human 
garbage+2: waste 
garden+1: facilities 
garden+2: InstitutePlace 
gardening+1: affairs 
gardening+2: knowledge 
gargle+1: medicine 
gargle+2: wash 
garland+1: readings 
garland+2: tool 
garlic+1: part 
garlic+2: vegetable 
garrison+1: defend 
garrison+2: part 
garrulity+1: speak 
garrulity+2: trivial 
garrulous+1: TalkNonsense 
garrulous+2: trivial 
garter+1: fasten 
garter+2: fittings 
gaseous+1: gas 
gaseous+2: PhysicState 
gaucherie+1: ungracious 
gaucherie+2: vulgar 
gaudy+1: colored 
gaudy+2: vulgar 
gauge+1: Distance 
gauge+2: measure 
gauze+1: material 
gauze+2: tool 
gavel+1: force 
gavel+2: tool 
gawk+1: human 
gawk+2: look 
gawkiness+1: human 
gawkiness+2: NotQuick 
gay+1: human 
gay+2: joyful 
gayness+1: fact 
gayness+2: joyful 
GB+1: place 
GB+2: Unit 
gel+1: ize 
gel+2: tool 
gem+1: material 
gem+2: treasure 
geminate+1: become 
geminate+2: double 
genealogy+1: knowledge 
genealogy+2: Lineage 
general+1: RoleValue 
general+2: roughly 
generalise+1: disseminate 
generalise+2: ize 
generality+1: Generality 
generality+2: Role 
generalization+1: explain 
generalization+2: ize 
generalize+1: disseminate 
generalize+2: explain 
generate+1: appear 
generate+2: create 
generation+1: create 
generation+2: human 
generator+1: machine 
generator+2: shape 
generous+1: broadminded 
generous+2: generous 
genetic+1: CauseToGrow 
genetic+2: knowledge 
genetical+1: CauseToGrow 
genetical+2: knowledge 
genial+1: amiable 
genial+2: warm 
geniality+1: amiable 
geniality+2: cosy 
genius+1: Ability 
genius+2: human 
genteel+1: gracious 
genteel+2: group 
gentility+1: Demeanor 
gentility+2: Grace 
gentle+1: gentle 
gentle+2: gracious 
gently+1: gentle 
gently+2: gracious 
genuine+1: earnest 
genuine+2: true 
genuinely+1: earnest 
genuinely+2: true 
genus+1: group 
genus+2: Kind 
geometer+1: human 
geometer+2: InsectWorm 
geopolitics+1: affairs 
geopolitics+2: knowledge 
Georgian+1: human 
Georgian+2: language 
georgic+1: affairs 
georgic+2: text 
geriatric+1: human 
geriatric+2: knowledge 
Germanic+1: language 
Germanic+2: RelatingToCountry 
germinal+1: creative 
germinal+2: part 
gestation+1: fact 
gestation+2: time 
gesture+1: express 
gesture+2: Posture 
gewgaw+1: inanimate 
gewgaw+2: insubstantial 
Ghananian+1: human 
Ghananian+2: RelatingToCountry 
giantism+1: big 
giantism+2: disease 
gibbet+1: kill 
gibbet+2: tool 
gibbosity+1: Form 
gibbosity+2: protruding 
gibbousness+1: Form 
gibbousness+2: protruding 
gibe+1: fit 
gibe+2: mock 
giddy+1: able 
giddy+2: dizzy 
giftwrap+1: material 
giftwrap+2: tool 
gig+1: machine 
gig+2: tool 
gigantism+1: big 
gigantism+2: disease 
gimcrack+1: inanimate 
gimcrack+2: insubstantial 
gimmick+1: plans 
gimmick+2: thing 
gin+1: alcohol 
gin+2: facilities 
ginger+1: part 
ginger+2: vegetable 
ginkgo+1: fruit 
ginkgo+2: tree 
girdle+1: fittings 
girdle+2: GoRound 
girlishness+1: BehaviorValue 
girlishness+2: human 
give+1: give 
give+2: GiveAsGift 
given+1: FuncWord 
given+2: information 
glance+1: experience 
glance+2: look 
glare+1: illuminate 
glare+2: look 
glass+1: material 
glass+2: tool 
glasscutter+1: human 
glasscutter+2: tool 
glaze+1: material 
glaze+2: RainSnow 
glib+1: Ability 
glib+2: sly 
glibly+1: fluent 
glibly+2: sly 
glide+1: fly 
glide+2: slide 
glimmer+1: illuminate 
glimmer+2: lights 
glimmering+1: bright 
glimmering+2: illuminate 
glimpse+1: experience 
glimpse+2: perception 
glitter+1: illuminate 
glitter+2: lights 
glittering+1: bright 
glittering+2: illuminate 
global+1: international 
global+2: place 
gloom+1: AlterBrightness 
gloom+2: emotion 
glorify+1: CauseToGrow 
glorify+2: praise 
glorious+1: glorious 
glorious+2: magnificent 
glory+1: glorious 
glory+2: Glory 
glossily+1: bright 
glossily+2: polished 
glossy+1: bright 
glossy+2: polished 
gloves+1: clothing 
gloves+2: SportTool 
glow+1: illuminate 
glow+2: lights 
glue+1: apply 
glue+2: fasten 
glum+1: FeelingByBad 
glum+2: indifferent 
glut+1: exist 
glut+2: surpass 
glutton+1: beast 
glutton+2: human 
gnaw+1: bite 
gnaw+2: disappear 
go+1: SelfMoveInManner 
go+2: TakeAway 
goad+1: incite 
goad+2: urge 
goal+1: facilities 
goal+2: purpose 
goat+1: beast 
goat+2: human 
gold+1: metal 
gold+2: tool 
goldbrick+1: cheat 
goldbrick+2: slack 
golden+1: few 
golden+2: yellow 
goldmine+1: Circumstances 
goldmine+2: InstitutePlace 
golf+1: fact 
golf+2: SportTool 
gondola+1: room 
gondola+2: ship 
gonorrhoea+1: disease 
gonorrhoea+2: medicine 
goof+1: err 
goof+2: human 
gooseflesh+1: appear 
gooseflesh+2: phenomena 
GOP+1: community 
GOP+2: facilities 
gorgeously+1: beautiful 
gorgeously+2: magnificent 
gouge+1: seek 
gouge+2: trace 
gourd+1: fruit 
gourd+2: plant 
govern+1: control 
govern+2: manage 
government+1: institution 
government+2: manage 
grace+1: beautify 
grace+2: emotion 
graceful+1: beautiful 
graceful+2: gracious 
gracefully+1: beautiful 
gracefully+2: gracious 
graciously+1: gentle 
graciously+2: polite 
gradation+1: part 
gradation+2: system 
gradual+1: gentle 
gradual+2: gradual 
gradually+1: slow 
gradually+2: stepwise 
graduate+1: finish 
graduate+2: human 
graduation+1: finish 
graduation+2: mark 
grain+1: Quality 
grain+2: shape 
grand+1: great 
grand+2: stately 
grandly+1: grand 
grandly+2: great 
grandstand+1: facilities 
grandstand+2: ShowOff 
granular+1: crude 
granular+2: round 
granulate+1: AlterForm 
granulate+2: grind 
grapevine+1: information 
grapevine+2: tree 
grapple+1: fact 
grapple+2: fight 
grass+1: facilities 
grass+2: FlowerGrass 
grassland+1: facilities 
grassland+2: land 
grating+1: fittings 
grating+2: part 
gravity+1: Seriousness 
gravity+2: Strength 
gray+1: grey 
gray+2: white 
graze+1: feed 
graze+2: GoThrough 
greasy+1: dirty 
greasy+2: material 
greatly+1: GreaterThanNormal 
greatly+2: very 
Greek+1: human 
Greek+2: language 
Greenlandic+1: language 
Greenlandic+2: RelatingToCountry 
greens+1: part 
greens+2: vegetable 
greet+1: SayHello 
greet+2: welcome 
grey+1: grey 
grey+2: vague 
grid+1: internet 
grid+2: part 
grief+1: emotion 
grief+2: sorrowful 
grieved+1: EmotionalityValue 
grieved+2: sad 
grievous+1: able 
grievous+2: fierce 
grievously+1: fierce 
grievously+2: serious 
griffon+1: beast 
griffon+2: bird 
grill+1: cook 
grill+2: tool 
grim+1: able 
grim+2: fierce 
grimace+1: Countenance 
grimace+2: ShowEmotion 
grimly+1: fierce 
grimly+2: wicked 
grin+1: CausePartMove 
grin+2: laugh 
grind+1: grind 
grind+2: sharpen 
grit+1: grind 
grit+2: stone 
gritty+1: coarse 
gritty+2: crude 
grizzly+1: beast 
grizzly+2: white 
groin+1: facilities 
groin+2: part 
groom+1: foster 
groom+2: human 
grope+1: LookFor 
grope+2: stroke 
gross+1: NounUnit 
gross+2: overall 
grotto+1: building 
grotto+2: part 
grouchy+1: angry 
grouchy+2: BadTemper 
ground+1: part 
ground+2: reason 
groundbreaking+1: creative 
groundbreaking+2: start 
grounding+1: bump 
grounding+2: part 
group+1: InstitutePlace 
group+2: NounUnit 
grouse+1: bird 
grouse+2: ExpressDissatisfaction 
grovel+1: sit 
grovel+2: surrender 
growth+1: BecomeMore 
growth+2: grow 
grub+1: dig 
grub+2: InsectWorm 
grudge+1: emotion 
grudge+2: grudge 
gruff+1: fierce 
gruff+2: hoarse 
grumble+1: ExpressDissatisfaction 
grumble+2: MakeSound 
grumpy+1: angry 
grumpy+2: BadTemper 
Guarani+1: language 
Guarani+2: money 
guarantee+1: document 
guarantee+2: guarantee 
guard+1: protect 
guard+2: supervise 
guardianship+1: rights 
guardianship+2: TakeCare 
Guatemalan+1: human 
Guatemalan+2: RelatingToCountry 
guerrilla+1: army 
guerrilla+2: human 
guideline+1: regulation 
guideline+2: Standard 
Guinean+1: human 
Guinean+2: place 
gulf+1: location 
gulf+2: occupy 
gull+1: bird 
gull+2: human 
gunpoint+1: frighten 
gunpoint+2: part 
gurgle+1: MakeSound 
gurgle+2: sound 
gut+1: part 
gut+2: remove 
gutter+1: location 
gutter+2: part 
gynaecology+1: knowledge 
gynaecology+2: part 
habitat+1: Environment 
habitat+2: place 
habituate+1: fit 
habituate+2: ResultIn 
haematogenesis+1: fact 
haematogenesis+2: produce 
haematopoiesis+1: fact 
haematopoiesis+2: produce 
haemogenesis+1: fact 
haemogenesis+2: produce 
haemopoiesis+1: fact 
haemopoiesis+2: produce 
hair+1: grow 
hair+2: part 
haircut+1: MakeUp 
haircut+2: Pattern 
hairdo+1: MakeUp 
hairdo+2: Pattern 
hairdressing+1: affairs 
hairdressing+2: MakeUp 
Haitian+1: human 
Haitian+2: RelatingToCountry 
half+1: half 
half+2: time 
halfway+1: centre 
halfway+2: location 
halophile+1: animate 
halophile+2: plant 
halt+1: CeaseCauseTOMove 
halt+2: end 
hammer+1: beat 
hammer+2: SportTool 
Han+1: human 
Han+2: place 
hand+1: Strength 
hand+2: submit 
handball+1: fact 
handball+2: SportTool 
handbill+1: information 
handbill+2: readings 
handcuff+1: catch 
handcuff+2: tool 
handful+1: few 
handful+2: NounUnit 
handicap+1: disable 
handicap+2: obstruct 
handicraft+1: Ability 
handicraft+2: affairs 
handiwork+1: affairs 
handiwork+2: artifact 
handout+1: physical 
handout+2: readings 
handsel+1: money 
handsel+2: pay 
handwork+1: artifact 
handwork+2: fact 
handwriting+1: method 
handwriting+2: trace 
handy+1: convenient 
handy+2: wieldy 
hang+1: CausePartMove 
hang+2: hang 
happiness+1: happy 
happiness+2: Living 
happy+1: happy 
happy+2: joyful 
harassment+1: damage 
harassment+2: MakeBad 
harbinger+1: announce 
harbinger+2: human 
hardcore+1: important 
hardcore+2: lascivious 
hardness+1: Easiness 
hardness+2: Hardness 
hardship+1: difficult 
hardship+2: Effortfulness 
hardware+1: fittings 
hardware+2: part 
hardwood+1: tree 
hardwood+2: wood 
hardy+1: brave 
hardy+2: sturdy 
harlotry+1: affairs 
harlotry+2: engage 
harmfulness+1: Disadvantage 
harmfulness+2: disadvantageous 
harmoniously+1: euphonious 
harmoniously+2: harmonious 
harmonize+1: coordinate 
harmonize+2: fit 
harmony+1: coordinate 
harmony+2: Harmony 
harpoon+1: firing 
harpoon+2: tool 
hassle+1: damage 
hassle+2: fight 
hastily+1: careless 
hastily+2: hasty 
hasty+1: hasty 
hasty+2: rash 
hatch+1: part 
hatch+2: plan 
hateful+1: able 
hateful+2: wicked 
haughtiness+1: arrogant 
haughtiness+2: Pride 
haul+1: Amount 
haul+2: pull 
haunt+1: ExistAppear 
haunt+2: MakeWorried 
have+1: own 
have+2: SufferFrom 
haw+1: fruit 
haw+2: tree 
hawk+1: human 
hawk+2: sell 
haze+1: CloudMist 
haze+2: WeatherBad 
hazy+1: blurred 
hazy+2: vague 
head+1: LeaveFor 
head+2: part 
headache+1: fact 
headache+2: phenomena 
headgear+1: clothing 
headgear+2: tool 
heading+1: grow 
heading+2: part 
headlong+1: InFront 
headlong+2: rash 
healthy+1: advantageous 
healthy+2: healthy 
heartbeat+1: jump 
heartbeat+2: phenomena 
hearth+1: facilities 
hearth+2: location 
heartily+1: earnest 
heartily+2: PropertyValue 
hearty+1: earnest 
hearty+2: PropertyValue 
heave+1: lift 
heave+2: pant 
heaven+1: place 
heaven+2: sky 
heavenly+1: place 
heavenly+2: sky 
heavily+1: effortful 
heavily+2: serious 
Hebrew+1: human 
Hebrew+2: language 
heed+1: obey 
heed+2: PayAttention 
heedful+1: careful 
heedful+2: PayAttention 
help+1: help 
help+2: rescue 
helpless+1: miserable 
helpless+2: unable 
hem+1: part 
hem+2: surround 
hematocrit+1: Rate 
hematocrit+2: tool 
hematogenesis+1: fact 
hematogenesis+2: produce 
hematopoiesis+1: fact 
hematopoiesis+2: produce 
hematuria+1: bleed 
hematuria+2: phenomena 
hemiplegia+1: disease 
hemiplegia+2: paralyse 
hemogenesis+1: fact 
hemogenesis+2: produce 
hemopoiesis+1: fact 
hemopoiesis+2: produce 
hemorrhagic+1: bleed 
hemorrhagic+2: PropertyValue 
hemp+1: FlowerGrass 
hemp+2: medicine 
henceforth+1: FuncWord 
henceforth+2: time 
herald+1: announce 
herald+2: human 
herb+1: material 
herb+2: medicine 
herd+1: feed 
herd+2: livestock 
heretical+1: antagonistic 
heretical+2: unorthodox 
hermaphrodite+1: female 
hermaphrodite+2: human 
heroic+1: brave 
heroic+2: grand 
heroine+1: drug 
heroine+2: human 
heroism+1: Behavior 
heroism+2: Pride 
hesitate+1: hesitate 
hesitate+2: unwilling 
hetero+1: fact 
hetero+2: human 
hex+1: Ability 
hex+2: entice 
hiccup+1: ill 
hiccup+2: phenomena 
hideous+1: able 
hideous+2: ugly 
hideously+1: able 
hideously+2: ugly 
hierarchy+1: part 
hierarchy+2: system 
high+1: loud 
high+2: Normality 
highborn+1: HighQuality 
highborn+2: wellborn 
higher+1: GreaterThanNormal 
higher+2: HighRank 
hike+1: add 
hike+2: BecomeMore 
Hindi+1: community 
Hindi+2: language 
Hindoo+1: community 
Hindoo+2: human 
hindrance+1: obstruct 
hindrance+2: thing 
Hindu+1: community 
Hindu+2: human 
Hindustani+1: human 
Hindustani+2: language 
hinge+1: depend 
hinge+2: part 
hip+1: part 
hip+2: sad 
hire+1: borrow 
hire+2: employ 
hiss+1: ExpressDissatisfaction 
hiss+2: sound 
history+1: fact 
history+2: knowledge 
hitch+1: fasten 
hitch+2: walk 
hive+1: house 
hive+2: store 
hoar+1: grey 
hoar+2: white 
hoariness+1: grey 
hoariness+2: white 
hoary+1: grey 
hoary+2: white 
hoax+1: deceive 
hoax+2: fact 
hobby+1: bird 
hobby+2: fact 
hobnail+1: fix 
hobnail+2: tool 
hobnob+1: fact 
hobnob+2: meet 
hock+1: food 
hock+2: pawn 
hoist+1: GoUp 
hoist+2: lift 
hokey+1: affected 
hokey+2: passionate 
holder+1: human 
holder+2: part 
hole+1: location 
hole+2: part 
holler+1: cry 
holler+2: ExpressDissatisfaction 
hollow+1: land 
hollow+2: part 
homebound+1: GoBack 
homebound+2: leave 
homicide+1: fact 
homicide+2: human 
homogeneity+1: Amount 
homogeneity+2: Uniformity 
homosexual+1: fact 
homosexual+2: human 
Honda+1: InstitutePlace 
Honda+2: LandVehicle 
Honduran+1: human 
Honduran+2: RelatingToCountry 
hone+1: MakeBetter 
hone+2: tool 
honey+1: human 
honey+2: material 
honeydew+1: drinks 
honeydew+2: fruit 
honeyed+1: euphonious 
honeyed+2: sweet 
honeymoon+1: pass 
honeymoon+2: time 
honk+1: MakeSound 
honk+2: sound 
honor+1: commemorate 
honor+2: respect 
honorific+1: expression 
honorific+2: glorious 
hood+1: clothing 
hood+2: PutOn 
hoof+1: kick 
hoof+2: part 
hook+1: propose 
hook+2: tool 
hookey+1: curved 
hookey+2: human 
hooky+1: curved 
hooky+2: human 
hoot+1: ExpressDissatisfaction 
hoot+2: sound 
hoover+1: clean 
hoover+2: tool 
hop+1: FlowerGrass 
hop+2: jump 
hope+1: aspiration 
hope+2: expect 
hopper+1: InsectWorm 
hopper+2: phenomena 
horizon+1: location 
horizon+2: part 
horizontal+1: horizontal 
horizontal+2: shape 
horn+1: MusicTool 
horn+2: part 
hornpipe+1: MusicTool 
hornpipe+2: shows 
horseplay+1: IllBehave 
horseplay+2: recreation 
horsewhip+1: beat 
horsewhip+2: tool 
horticulture+1: affairs 
horticulture+2: knowledge 
hose+1: material 
hose+2: tool 
hospice+1: fact 
hospice+2: InstitutePlace 
hostage+1: human 
hostage+2: physical 
hotbed+1: Environment 
hotbed+2: facilities 
hotfoot+1: hasty 
hotfoot+2: VieFor 
hound+1: chase 
hound+2: livestock 
hour+1: time 
hour+2: Unit 
houseboat+1: human 
houseboat+2: ship 
housewarming+1: congratulate 
housewarming+2: fact 
housing+1: fact 
housing+2: part 
hover+1: circle 
hover+2: fly 
how+1: method 
how+2: very 
however+1: FuncWord 
however+2: very 
Huang+1: surname 
Huang+2: waters 
hub+1: location 
hub+2: part 
hubbub+1: cry 
hubbub+2: sound 
huckster+1: cry 
huckster+2: discuss 
hue+1: Color 
hue+2: Formality 
huff+1: frighten 
huff+2: pant 
huge+1: big 
huge+2: great 
hull+1: grind 
hull+2: part 
hullabaloo+1: quarrel 
hullabaloo+2: sound 
hum+1: MakeSound 
hum+2: sing 
humanitarian+1: human 
humanitarian+2: knowledge 
humanity+1: Behavior 
humanity+2: emotion 
humidify+1: CauseToDo 
humidify+2: moisten 
humiliate+1: damage 
humiliate+2: emotion 
humiliation+1: damage 
humiliation+2: emotion 
humiliatory+1: disgraced 
humiliatory+2: suffer 
humility+1: modest 
humility+2: refuse 
humour+1: emotion 
humour+2: interesting 
Hungarian+1: human 
Hungarian+2: language 
hunt+1: catch 
hunt+2: engage 
hunting+1: affairs 
hunting+2: engage 
hurdle+1: facilities 
hurdle+2: fact 
hurry+1: hasty 
hurry+2: urge 
hurt+1: painful 
hurt+2: wounded 
husband+1: economize 
husband+2: human 
hush+1: ize 
hush+2: quiet 
husky+1: hoarse 
husky+2: livestock 
hustle+1: bustling 
hustle+2: urge 
hyacinth+1: FlowerGrass 
hyacinth+2: part 
hyaline+1: AppearanceValue 
hyaline+2: clear 
hybrid+1: animate 
hybrid+2: human 
hydraulic+1: PerformanceValue 
hydraulic+2: Strength 
hydro+1: electricity 
hydro+2: provide 
hydroplane+1: aircraft 
hydroplane+2: ship 
hygiene+1: Cleanness 
hygiene+2: knowledge 
hypnotic+1: medicine 
hypnotic+2: urge 
hypochondriac+1: disease 
hypochondriac+2: human 
hypothecate+1: pawn 
hypothecate+2: RegardAs 
hypothermia+1: LessThanNormal 
hypothermia+2: Temperature 
hypoxia+1: disease 
hypoxia+2: lack 
Hyundai+1: InstitutePlace 
Hyundai+2: LandVehicle 
ICC+1: institution 
ICC+2: part 
ice+1: cool 
ice+2: drug 
Icelandic+1: language 
Icelandic+2: RelatingToCountry 
ICIJ+1: community 
ICIJ+2: institution 
ID+1: document 
ID+2: place 
IDA+1: part 
IDA+2: phenomena 
idealism+1: Morality 
idealism+2: thinking 
idealist+1: human 
idealist+2: thinking 
idealistic+1: BestQuality 
idealistic+2: noble 
identification+1: distinguish 
identification+2: document 
identity+1: Similarity 
identity+2: Status 
ideograph+1: character 
ideograph+2: express 
ideology+1: text 
ideology+2: thinking 
idiosyncrasy+1: Health 
idiosyncrasy+2: Peculiarity 
idleness+1: DoNot 
idleness+2: lazy 
idly+1: idle 
idly+2: lazy 
ignorance+1: despise 
ignorance+2: experience 
ill+1: ill 
ill+2: inauspicuous 
illicit+1: immoral 
illicit+2: unlawful 
illiterate+1: human 
illiterate+2: unscholarly 
illogicality+1: FitNot 
illogicality+2: illogical 
illuminant+1: able 
illuminant+2: Source 
illuminate+1: explain 
illuminate+2: illuminate 
illustrious+1: famous 
illustrious+2: fantastic 
imagination+1: Ability 
imagination+2: guess 
imagine+1: guess 
imagine+2: think 
imbecile+1: human 
imbecile+2: unable 
imbecility+1: result 
imbecility+2: unable 
imbue+1: disperse 
imbue+2: soak 
imitation+1: copy 
imitation+2: imitate 
immaculate+1: flawless 
immaculate+2: spotless 
immanent+1: biased 
immanent+2: internal 
immature+1: child 
immature+2: unripe 
immeasurable+1: extensive 
immeasurable+2: many 
immense+1: broad 
immense+2: many 
immersion+1: exist 
immersion+2: indulge 
immigrant+1: human 
immigrant+2: SelfMove 
imminence+1: happen 
imminence+2: urgent 
imminent+1: approach 
imminent+2: urgent 
immoderate+1: important 
immoderate+2: rash 
immolation+1: burn 
immolation+2: salute 
immoral+1: BadSocial 
immoral+2: immoral 
immorality+1: fact 
immorality+2: immoral 
immortal+1: humanized 
immortal+2: permanent 
immunity+1: Ability 
immunity+2: rights 
immunize+1: doctor 
immunize+2: exempt 
impact+1: Effectivity 
impact+2: Power 
impair+1: damage 
impair+2: weaken 
impairment+1: damage 
impairment+2: disable 
impalpable+1: difficult 
impalpable+2: impalpable 
impart+1: reveal 
impart+2: teach 
impassable+1: difficult 
impassable+2: impossible 
impasse+1: Circumstances 
impasse+2: phenomena 
impassioned+1: ardent 
impassioned+2: strong 
impediment+1: obstruct 
impediment+2: thing 
impeller+1: human 
impeller+2: part 
impenetrable+1: able 
impenetrable+2: difficult 
imperative+1: compulsory 
imperative+2: urgent 
imperceptible+1: difficult 
imperceptible+2: impalpable 
imperceptibly+1: difficult 
imperceptibly+2: unintentional 
imperfect+1: BestQuality 
imperfect+2: Property 
imperial+1: human 
imperial+2: SourceValue 
imperialist+1: human 
imperialist+2: system 
imperil+1: damage 
imperil+2: frighten 
imperishable+1: permanent 
imperishable+2: TimeLong 
impersonate+1: imitate 
impersonate+2: RegardAs 
impersonation+1: naming 
impersonation+2: RegardAs 
imperviable+1: indifferent 
imperviable+2: unable 
impervious+1: indifferent 
impervious+2: unable 
impetuous+1: BadTemper 
impetuous+2: chaotic 
impetuously+1: BadTemper 
impetuously+2: rash 
impetus+1: Ambitiousness 
impetus+2: Strength 
implant+1: repair 
implant+2: teach 
implement+1: conduct 
implement+2: fulfil 
implementation+1: conduct 
implementation+2: fulfil 
implements+1: conduct 
implements+2: implement 
import+1: artifact 
import+2: buy 
importune+1: beg 
importune+2: request 
impose+1: conduct 
impose+2: force 
impossibility+1: BeUnable 
impossibility+2: impossible 
impotence+1: phenomena 
impotence+2: unable 
impound+1: deprive 
impound+2: punish 
impracticable+1: impossible 
impracticable+2: insubstantial 
impractical+1: flighty 
impractical+2: impossible 
impregnable+1: able 
impregnable+2: correct 
impregnate+1: CauseToDo 
impregnate+2: StateChange 
impregnation+1: CauseToDo 
impregnation+2: transmit 
impress+1: excite 
impress+2: levy 
impression+1: Amount 
impression+2: experience 
imprisonment+1: detain 
imprisonment+2: fact 
impromptu+1: music 
impromptu+2: text 
improper+1: immoral 
improper+2: improper 
improve+1: BeRecovered 
improve+2: improve 
imprudent+1: rash 
imprudent+2: wise 
impulse+1: emotion 
impulse+2: phenomena 
impulsion+1: emotion 
impulsion+2: Strength 
impulsive+1: emotion 
impulsive+2: rash 
impurity+1: inanimate 
impurity+2: pure 
in+1: time 
in+2: Unit 
inability+1: Demerit 
inability+2: unable 
inaccessible+1: difficult 
inaccessible+2: impossible 
inaction+1: fact 
inaction+2: NotQuick 
inactive+1: function 
inactive+2: inactive 
inadequacy+1: Amount 
inadequacy+2: insufficient 
inanimate+1: inanimate 
inanimate+2: stiff 
inanity+1: empty 
inanity+2: insubstantial 
inapplicable+1: irrelevant 
inapplicable+2: unable 
inattentive+1: absentminded 
inattentive+2: careless 
inattentively+1: absentminded 
inattentively+2: careless 
inborn+1: innate 
inborn+2: original 
incalculable+1: impossible 
incalculable+2: many 
incandescence+1: ize 
incandescence+2: lights 
incapable+1: unable 
incapable+2: unqualified 
incapacitate+1: disable 
incapacitate+2: remove 
incarnation+1: mean 
incarnation+2: thing 
incendiary+1: human 
incendiary+2: weapon 
incidental+1: expenditure 
incidental+2: fact 
incidentally+1: accidental 
incidentally+2: FuncWord 
incision+1: location 
incision+2: split 
incline+1: CausePartMove 
incline+2: tilt 
include+1: contain 
include+2: include 
incognito+1: covert 
incognito+2: HideTruth 
incoherent+1: inconsistent 
incoherent+2: interrupted 
income+1: payment 
income+2: result 
incomparable+1: impossible 
incomparable+2: unable 
incomparably+1: extreme 
incomparably+2: unique 
incompatible+1: antagonistic 
incompatible+2: discordant 
incompetence+1: able 
incompetence+2: unable 
incompetent+1: unable 
incompetent+2: unqualified 
incomplete+1: finish 
incomplete+2: incomplete 
inconclusive+1: fixed 
inconclusive+2: impossible 
incongruous+1: improper 
incongruous+2: unsuitable 
inconsequent+1: discordant 
inconsequent+2: unreasonable 
inconsiderate+1: careful 
inconsiderate+2: careless 
inconsiderately+1: careful 
inconsiderately+2: careless 
inconsistency+1: FitNot 
inconsistency+2: Uniformity 
inconstancy+1: changeable 
inconstancy+2: treacherous 
incontestable+1: true 
incontestable+2: unable 
incontinence+1: BeUnable 
incontinence+2: phenomena 
inconvenience+1: cause 
inconvenience+2: inconvenient 
inconvenient+1: difficult 
inconvenient+2: inconvenient 
incorporation+1: ize 
incorporation+2: merge 
incredible+1: unreliable 
incredible+2: wrong 
incredibly+1: extreme 
incredibly+2: unreliable 
incredulous+1: doubt 
incredulous+2: easy 
increment+1: Amount 
increment+2: BecomeMore 
incumbent+1: compulsory 
incumbent+2: human 
incur+1: incur 
incur+2: suffer 
incursion+1: attack 
incursion+2: GoInto 
indecently+1: ungracious 
indecently+2: vulgar 
indecisive+1: fixed 
indecisive+2: impossible 
indefensible+1: impossible 
indefensible+2: unable 
indefinite+1: flexible 
indefinite+2: unfixed 
indemnification+1: expenditure 
indemnification+2: recompense 
indemnify+1: recompense 
indemnify+2: return 
indent+1: Content 
indent+2: damage 
indenture+1: Content 
indenture+2: document 
independence+1: BeIndependent 
independence+2: Cooperativeness 
independent+1: alone 
independent+2: BeIndependent 
indestructible+1: able 
indestructible+2: durable 
indeterminate+1: fixed 
indeterminate+2: unfixed 
indicate+1: express 
indicate+2: mean 
indicative+1: explain 
indicative+2: Property 
indicator+1: chemical 
indicator+2: part 
indictment+1: accuse 
indictment+2: document 
indifferent+1: despise 
indifferent+2: indifferent 
indignant+1: angry 
indignant+2: emotion 
indigo+1: blue 
indigo+2: material 
indiscreet+1: cautious 
indiscreet+2: rash 
indiscretion+1: result 
indiscretion+2: sensible 
indiscriminate+1: improper 
indiscriminate+2: rash 
indispose+1: disgust 
indispose+2: disobey 
indisposed+1: ill 
indisposed+2: inactive 
indisposition+1: cosy 
indisposition+2: inactive 
indisputable+1: constant 
indisputable+2: true 
indistinctly+1: blurred 
indistinctly+2: vague 
individual+1: example 
individual+2: human 
individualist+1: human 
individualist+2: thinking 
individuality+1: Generality 
individuality+2: Status 
individually+1: alone 
individually+2: individual 
Indonesian+1: human 
Indonesian+2: language 
indoor+1: location 
indoor+2: part 
induce+1: guide 
induce+2: ResultIn 
induction+1: explain 
induction+2: phenomena 
inductive+1: guide 
inductive+2: respond 
indulge+1: indulge 
indulge+2: like 
indulgence+1: indulge 
indulgence+2: like 
ineffective+1: ineffective 
ineffective+2: LowEffective 
ineffectual+1: ineffective 
ineffectual+2: useless 
ineluctability+1: impossible 
ineluctability+2: Possibility 
ineluctably+1: FuncWord 
ineluctably+2: impossible 
inertia+1: Adaptability 
inertia+2: Speed 
inestimable+1: difficult 
inestimable+2: many 
inevitable+1: impossible 
inevitable+2: possible 
inevitably+1: FuncWord 
inevitably+2: impossible 
inexhaustible+1: extensive 
inexhaustible+2: many 
inexpedient+1: unreasonable 
inexpedient+2: unsuitable 
inexplicitness+1: careless 
inexplicitness+2: Publicity 
inexpressible+1: difficult 
inexpressible+2: impossible 
infancy+1: Age 
infancy+2: time 
infanticide+1: human 
infanticide+2: kill 
infatuation+1: emotion 
infatuation+2: fact 
infection+1: disease 
infection+2: phenomena 
infectious+1: able 
infectious+2: infect 
infer+1: deduce 
infer+2: guess 
inferable+1: able 
inferable+2: deduce 
inference+1: deduce 
inference+2: result 
inferior+1: inferior 
inferior+2: LowRank 
inferno+1: mishap 
inferno+2: place 
infertile+1: barren 
infertile+2: unable 
infiltrate+1: include 
infiltrate+2: influence 
infiltration+1: ill 
infiltration+2: include 
infinite+1: extensive 
infinite+2: many 
infirm+1: frail 
infirm+2: irresolute 
inflammable+1: able 
inflammable+2: easy 
inflammation+1: burn 
inflammation+2: disease 
inflammatory+1: able 
inflammatory+2: disease 
inflate+1: enlarge 
inflate+2: feed 
inflation+1: enlarge 
inflation+2: feed 
inflexion+1: Property 
inflexion+2: time 
inflorescence+1: fact 
inflorescence+2: time 
influence+1: Effectivity 
influence+2: influence 
infrasonic+1: FrequencyValue 
infrasonic+2: shape 
infrequency+1: rarely 
infrequency+2: thing 
infringe+1: damage 
infringe+2: disobey 
infringement+1: disobey 
infringement+2: fact 
infuriate+1: angry 
infuriate+2: irritate 
ingenious+1: clever 
ingenious+2: refined 
ingeniously+1: refined 
ingeniously+2: tactful 
ingot+1: material 
ingot+2: tool 
ingrained+1: extreme 
ingrained+2: steady 
ingratitude+1: emotion 
ingratitude+2: treacherous 
inhalation+1: inhale 
inhalation+2: medicine 
inherently+1: constant 
inherently+2: original 
inherit+1: PassOn 
inherit+2: receive 
inheritance+1: receive 
inheritance+2: thing 
inhibit+1: obstruct 
inhibit+2: restrain 
inhuman+1: benevolent 
inhuman+2: fierce 
inimical+1: antagonistic 
inimical+2: emotion 
iniquitous+1: biased 
iniquitous+2: vicious 
iniquity+1: biased 
iniquity+2: fact 
inject+1: add 
inject+2: doctor 
injection+1: doctor 
injection+2: fact 
injury+1: damage 
injury+2: disease 
injustice+1: biased 
injustice+2: phenomena 
ink+1: forming 
ink+2: tool 
inkling+1: express 
inkling+2: part 
inland+1: facing 
inland+2: land 
inlet+1: land 
inlet+2: location 
innate+1: innate 
innate+2: original 
innately+1: innate 
innately+2: original 
inner+1: internal 
inner+2: location 
innovation+1: artifact 
innovation+2: Creativeness 
innuendo+1: ExpressAgainst 
innuendo+2: mean 
inoculation+1: doctor 
inoculation+2: fact 
inopportune+1: improper 
inopportune+2: unsuitable 
inopportunely+1: improper 
inopportunely+2: unsuitable 
inordinate+1: chaotic 
inordinate+2: over 
inquire+1: ask 
inquire+2: investigate 
inquiry+1: ask 
inquiry+2: investigate 
insanity+1: disease 
insanity+2: mad 
insatiate+1: acquisitive 
insatiate+2: unsatisfied 
insensitive+1: indifferent 
insensitive+2: nimble 
insert+1: insert 
insert+2: news 
inset+1: insert 
inset+2: part 
inshore+1: location 
inshore+2: waters 
inside+1: internal 
inside+2: location 
insight+1: Perceptiveness 
insight+2: thought 
insignificantly+1: few 
insignificantly+2: negligible 
insincere+1: fake 
insincere+2: frivolous 
insinuation+1: ExpressAgainst 
insinuation+2: mean 
insipid+1: boring 
insipid+2: TasteLight 
insolation+1: fact 
insolation+2: illuminate 
insole+1: fittings 
insole+2: part 
insolent+1: arrogant 
insolent+2: fierce 
insolently+1: fierce 
insolently+2: impolite 
insomnia+1: disease 
insomnia+2: ill 
inspiration+1: thought 
inspiration+2: urge 
inspire+1: excite 
inspire+2: urge 
installation+1: facilities 
installation+2: implement 
instance+1: example 
instance+2: fact 
instantaneous+1: prompt 
instantaneous+2: TimeShort 
instantly+1: prompt 
instantly+2: soon 
institute+1: community 
institute+2: InstitutePlace 
institution+1: affairs 
institution+2: institution 
instruct+1: order 
instruct+2: teach 
instructive+1: able 
instructive+2: substantial 
insufficiency+1: disease 
insufficiency+2: insufficient 
insulting+1: able 
insulting+2: damage 
insurance+1: affairs 
insurance+2: fact 
insure+1: buy 
insure+2: guarantee 
insured+1: guarantee 
insured+2: human 
insurgent+1: fact 
insurgent+2: human 
insurrectionary+1: fact 
insurrectionary+2: human 
intake+1: absorb 
intake+2: Amount 
intangible+1: difficult 
intangible+2: impalpable 
intangibly+1: difficult 
intangibly+2: unintentional 
integrated+1: complete 
integrated+2: merge 
integrity+1: Morality 
integrity+2: Wholeness 
intellect+1: Ability 
intellect+2: Wisdom 
intelligence+1: information 
intelligence+2: institution 
intelligent+1: clever 
intelligent+2: Wisdom 
intelligently+1: clever 
intelligently+2: wise 
intelligentsia+1: community 
intelligentsia+2: human 
intelligible+1: able 
intelligible+2: lucid 
intemperance+1: fact 
intemperance+2: indulge 
intemperate+1: improper 
intemperate+2: indulge 
intensely+1: strong 
intensely+2: urgent 
intensive+1: PropertyValue 
intensive+2: strong 
intent+1: attentive 
intent+2: purpose 
intention+1: purpose 
intention+2: thought 
interaction+1: influence 
interaction+2: respond 
interactive+1: EachOther 
interactive+2: PatternValue 
interbreed+1: mating 
interbreed+2: mixed 
intercept+1: attack 
intercept+2: block 
interception+1: attack 
interception+2: block 
interchange+1: exchange 
interchange+2: part 
intercourse+1: associate 
intercourse+2: mating 
interdict+1: cover 
interdict+2: obstruct 
interdiction+1: cover 
interdiction+2: prohibit 
interesting+1: interesting 
interesting+2: substantial 
interestingly+1: FuncWord 
interestingly+2: interesting 
interface+1: part 
interface+2: Range 
interfere+1: engage 
interfere+2: MakeTrouble 
interflow+1: communicate 
interflow+2: exchange 
interim+1: interrupted 
interim+2: temporary 
interjection+1: expression 
interjection+2: part 
interlock+1: BeAcross 
interlock+2: connect 
interlocking+1: asymmetrical 
interlocking+2: connect 
interlude+1: fact 
interlude+2: music 
intermediate+1: intermediate 
intermediate+2: part 
intern+1: detain 
intern+2: human 
international+1: international 
international+2: place 
internationalism+1: Source 
internationalism+2: thinking 
Interpol+1: human 
Interpol+2: institution 
interpolate+1: add 
interpolate+2: mix 
interposition+1: engage 
interposition+2: insert 
interpret+1: explain 
interpret+2: translate 
interpretation+1: explain 
interpretation+2: translate 
interpreter+1: human 
interpreter+2: software 
interrelated+1: relate 
interrelated+2: relevant 
interrelationship+1: Intimacy 
interrelationship+2: Pertinence 
interrupt+1: cut 
interrupt+2: MakeTrouble 
interruption+1: cease 
interruption+2: MakeTrouble 
intertwine+1: coil 
intertwine+2: MakeTrouble 
intervention+1: engage 
intervention+2: MakeTrouble 
intestine+1: location 
intestine+2: part 
intimacy+1: emotion 
intimacy+2: Intimacy 
intimate+1: announce 
intimate+2: human 
intimidate+1: force 
intimidate+2: frighten 
intolerable+1: disadvantageous 
intolerable+2: embarrassed 
intolerably+1: difficult 
intolerably+2: disadvantageous 
intolerance+1: disease 
intolerance+2: lenient 
intolerant+1: lenient 
intolerant+2: unable 
intonation+1: sound 
intonation+2: SoundQuality 
intoxication+1: joyful 
intoxication+2: phenomena 
intrepid+1: brave 
intrepid+2: timid 
intricate+1: complicated 
intricate+2: mixed 
intrigue+1: plan 
intrigue+2: plans 
introduction+1: part 
introduction+2: propose 
introductory+1: part 
introductory+2: PropertyValue 
introversive+1: covert 
introversive+2: unsociable 
intrude+1: attack 
intrude+2: GoInto 
invade+1: attack 
invade+2: damage 
invalid+1: human 
invalid+2: useless 
invariable+1: constant 
invariable+2: stiff 
invariably+1: stiff 
invariably+2: wholly 
invent+1: create 
invent+2: forge 
invention+1: artifact 
invention+2: create 
inversely+1: backward 
inversely+2: treacherous 
investment+1: fund 
investment+2: provide 
inveterate+1: steady 
inveterate+2: stubborn 
invigilator+1: human 
invigilator+2: tool 
invigorate+1: CauseToLive 
invigorate+2: ize 
invincible+1: able 
invincible+2: unable 
inviolable+1: able 
inviolable+2: impossible 
invitation+1: invite 
invitation+2: letter 
invite+1: employ 
invite+2: incur 
invocation+1: excite 
invocation+2: quote 
invoke+1: quote 
invoke+2: use 
involution+1: DoSum 
involution+2: method 
involve+1: influence 
involve+2: relate 
involvement+1: influence 
involvement+2: relate 
invulnerable+1: impossible 
invulnerable+2: sturdy 
Iranian+1: human 
Iranian+2: RelatingToCountry 
Iraqi+1: human 
Iraqi+2: RelatingToCountry 
irascibility+1: BadTemper 
irascibility+2: emotion 
iris+1: FlowerGrass 
iris+2: part 
Irish+1: language 
Irish+2: RelatingToCountry 
irksome+1: able 
irksome+2: boring 
irradiance+1: Intensity 
irradiance+2: knowledge 
irradiate+1: illuminate 
irradiate+2: teach 
irradiation+1: fact 
irradiation+2: illuminate 
irrefutable+1: true 
irrefutable+2: unable 
irregular+1: abnormal 
irregular+2: asymmetrical 
irrelevant+1: improper 
irrelevant+2: irrelevant 
irrelevantly+1: improper 
irrelevantly+2: irrelevant 
irresistible+1: impossible 
irresistible+2: strong 
irresistibly+1: able 
irresistibly+2: strong 
irresponsible+1: flighty 
irresponsible+2: rash 
irretrievable+1: impossible 
irretrievable+2: unable 
irreverence+1: fact 
irreverence+2: frivolous 
irrigation+1: affairs 
irrigation+2: irrigate 
irritability+1: Ability 
irritability+2: emotion 
irritate+1: irritate 
irritate+2: sting 
irritation+1: angry 
irritation+2: emotion 
Islam+1: community 
Islam+2: human 
Israeli+1: human 
Israeli+2: RelatingToCountry 
issuance+1: announce 
issuance+2: issue 
issue+1: NounUnit 
issue+2: problem 
itch+1: disease 
itch+2: itch 
itchy+1: able 
itchy+2: uneasy 
itinerary+1: fact 
itinerary+2: plans 
its+1: animal 
its+2: human 
jab+1: fact 
jab+2: stab 
jabber+1: human 
jabber+2: sound 
jack+1: lift 
jack+2: machine 
jackal+1: beast 
jackal+2: human 
jackfruit+1: fruit 
jackfruit+2: tree 
jactation+1: boast 
jactation+2: uneasy 
jade+1: livestock 
jade+2: material 
jadegreen+1: BlueGreen 
jadegreen+2: green 
jail+1: detain 
jail+2: InstitutePlace 
Jamaican+1: human 
Jamaican+2: RelatingToCountry 
jape+1: mock 
jape+2: tease 
jar+1: shiver 
jar+2: tool 
jaundice+1: phenomena 
jaundice+2: unfriendly 
Javanese+1: language 
Javanese+2: place 
jaw+1: masticate 
jaw+2: part 
jazz+1: music 
jazz+2: shows 
jealous+1: admire 
jealous+2: jealous 
jealousy+1: emotion 
jealousy+2: jealous 
jequirity+1: part 
jequirity+2: tree 
jerk+1: pull 
jerk+2: shake 
jerky+1: fluent 
jerky+2: food 
jest+1: fact 
jest+2: mock 
jesting+1: interesting 
jesting+2: mock 
jewel+1: inlay 
jewel+2: material 
jeweler+1: human 
jeweler+2: InstitutePlace 
jeweller+1: human 
jeweller+2: InstitutePlace 
jewellery+1: tool 
jewellery+2: treasure 
Jian+1: place 
Jian+2: surname 
jibe+1: alter 
jibe+2: fit 
jig+1: recreation 
jig+2: tool 
jihadist+1: fact 
jihadist+2: human 
Jing+1: surname 
Jing+2: waters 
jingle+1: sound 
jingle+2: text 
jinx+1: entice 
jinx+2: human 
jitterbug+1: recreation 
jitterbug+2: shows 
jive+1: music 
jive+2: shows 
jockey+1: HaveContest 
jockey+2: human 
joist+1: bridge 
joist+2: part 
jolly+1: joyful 
jolly+2: tease 
jolt+1: shake 
jolt+2: shiver 
jolterhead+1: human 
jolterhead+2: NotQuick 
Jordanian+1: human 
Jordanian+2: RelatingToCountry 
journal+1: document 
journal+2: publications 
journey+1: fact 
journey+2: tour 
joy+1: emotion 
joy+2: joyful 
joyful+1: able 
joyful+2: joyful 
joyfulness+1: emotion 
joyfulness+2: joyful 
joyless+1: joyful 
joyless+2: sad 
joyous+1: able 
joyous+2: joyful 
Ju+1: place 
Ju+2: surname 
jubilation+1: congratulate 
jubilation+2: joyful 
judge+1: judge 
judge+2: measure 
judgment+1: result 
judgment+2: thought 
judicature+1: conduct 
judicature+2: institution 
jug+1: InstitutePlace 
jug+2: suffer 
jugular+1: Disadvantage 
jugular+2: part 
juice+1: drinks 
juice+2: liquid 
jumbo+1: aircraft 
jumbo+2: big 
jump+1: BecomeMore 
jump+2: jump 
jumpiness+1: easy 
jumpiness+2: shiver 
junction+1: connect 
junction+2: facilities 
juncture+1: part 
juncture+2: time 
junk+1: ship 
junk+2: waste 
junket+1: fact 
junket+2: food 
Jupiter+1: celestial 
Jupiter+2: humanized 
juridical+1: law 
juridical+2: PropertyValue 
jurisdiction+1: Range 
jurisdiction+2: rights 
jurisprudent+1: BeAble 
jurisprudent+2: human 
justice+1: Fairness 
justice+2: human 
justiciary+1: Power 
justiciary+2: PropertyValue 
justification+1: debate 
justification+2: prove 
jut+1: attack 
jut+2: FormChange 
K+1: cardinal 
K+2: metal 
kaleidoscopic+1: changeable 
kaleidoscopic+2: colored 
Kansan+1: human 
Kansan+2: place 
Kashmiri+1: language 
Kashmiri+2: place 
Katari+1: human 
Katari+2: RelatingToCountry 
katharsis+1: ShowEmotion 
katharsis+2: urge 
katzenjammer+1: dizzy 
katzenjammer+2: phenomena 
Kazakh+1: language 
Kazakh+2: RelatingToCountry 
keel+1: FallDown 
keel+2: part 
keep+1: ProvideFor 
keep+2: SetAside 
keister+1: part 
keister+2: tool 
Kelvin+1: Standard 
Kelvin+2: Unit 
kennel+1: GoInto 
kennel+2: house 
Kentuckian+1: human 
Kentuckian+2: place 
Kenyan+1: human 
Kenyan+2: RelatingToCountry 
keratoscopy+1: check 
keratoscopy+2: fact 
keynote+1: Content 
keynote+2: sound 
keyword+1: expression 
keyword+2: symbol 
khaki+1: brown 
khaki+2: material 
khan+1: human 
khan+2: InstitutePlace 
kickoff+1: start 
kickoff+2: time 
killing+1: fact 
killing+2: kill 
kin+1: human 
kin+2: lineal 
kindly+1: amiable 
kindly+2: benevolent 
kindred+1: human 
kindred+2: SourceValue 
kingdom+1: part 
kingdom+2: place 
kinky+1: coil 
kinky+2: unique 
kinsfolk+1: community 
kinsfolk+2: human 
kiosk+1: facilities 
kiosk+2: InstitutePlace 
Kirghiz+1: language 
Kirghiz+2: RelatingToCountry 
kiss+1: fact 
kiss+2: ShowLove 
kit+1: implement 
kit+2: provide 
kite+1: bird 
kite+2: tool 
kiwi+1: bird 
kiwi+2: fruit 
knavery+1: Behavior 
knavery+2: deceive 
kneecap+1: firing 
kneecap+2: part 
kneel+1: CausePartMove 
kneel+2: sit 
knell+1: MakeSound 
knell+2: sound 
knife+1: tool 
knife+2: weapon 
knit+1: CausePartMove 
knit+2: weave 
knob+1: part 
knob+2: swollen 
knot+1: shape 
knot+2: Speed 
knowledge+1: experience 
knowledge+2: knowledge 
known+1: famous 
known+2: undergo 
kohlrabi+1: part 
kohlrabi+2: vegetable 
konjak+1: part 
konjak+2: vegetable 
Kurdish+1: language 
Kurdish+2: RelatingToCountry 
kuso+1: fact 
kuso+2: IllBehave 
Kuwaiti+1: human 
Kuwaiti+2: RelatingToCountry 
la+1: FuncWord 
la+2: metal 
labial+1: part 
labial+2: sound 
labor+1: do 
labor+2: labour 
laboratory+1: facilities 
laboratory+2: InstitutePlace 
laborious+1: effortful 
laborious+2: miserable 
labour+1: labour 
labour+2: Strength 
labyrinth+1: facilities 
labyrinth+2: part 
lace+1: fasten 
lace+2: tool 
lachrymose+1: able 
lachrymose+2: sorrowful 
lacking+1: few 
lacking+2: insufficient 
lactate+1: drain 
lactate+2: feed 
ladder+1: part 
ladder+2: tool 
ladle+1: TakeOutOfWater 
ladle+2: tool 
Lai+1: surname 
Lai+2: waters 
lair+1: house 
lair+2: place 
lambast+1: beat 
lambast+2: ExpressAgainst 
lambaste+1: beat 
lambaste+2: ExpressAgainst 
lame+1: disable 
lame+2: shape 
lamentable+1: able 
lamentable+2: sharp 
laminate+1: grind 
laminate+2: material 
lance+1: split 
lance+2: tool 
land+1: place 
land+2: wealth 
landmark+1: important 
landmark+2: mark 
landscape+1: Form 
landscape+2: land 
Lang+1: place 
Lang+2: surname 
language+1: expression 
language+2: language 
languid+1: inactive 
languid+2: tired 
languish+1: bony 
languish+2: expect 
languor+1: Activeness 
languor+2: tired 
lanyard+1: part 
lanyard+2: tool 
Lao+1: RelatingToCountry 
Lao+2: surname 
Laotian+1: human 
Laotian+2: language 
larcenous+1: covert 
larcenous+2: steal 
larceny+1: fact 
larceny+2: steal 
lard+1: boast 
lard+2: material 
large+1: big 
large+2: broadminded 
largess+1: generous 
largess+2: physical 
largesse+1: generous 
largesse+2: physical 
lark+1: bird 
lark+2: laugh 
laser+1: implement 
laser+2: lights 
lassitude+1: Activeness 
lassitude+2: tired 
lasso+1: catch 
lasso+2: tool 
last+1: ordinal 
last+2: past 
lasting+1: permanent 
lasting+2: TimeLong 
latch+1: fasten 
latch+2: part 
lately+1: recent 
lately+2: time 
latency+1: possible 
latency+2: time 
latent+1: covert 
latent+2: possible 
lateral+1: horizontal 
lateral+2: sound 
latex+1: material 
latex+2: part 
lathe+1: cut 
lathe+2: machine 
Latin+1: human 
Latin+2: language 
latitude+1: mark 
latitude+2: space 
lattice+1: Form 
lattice+2: image 
laugh+1: laugh 
laugh+2: sound 
laughter+1: laugh 
laughter+2: sound 
launch+1: shoot 
launch+2: start 
launcher+1: facilities 
launcher+2: machine 
lavatory+1: room 
lavatory+2: tool 
lavish+1: extravagant 
lavish+2: lavish 
law+1: knowledge 
law+2: law 
lax+1: careless 
lax+2: relax 
lay+1: put 
lay+2: reproduce 
layout+1: plans 
layout+2: result 
lead+1: primary 
lead+2: result 
leadership+1: Ability 
leadership+2: fact 
leaf+1: NounUnit 
leaf+2: part 
leaflet+1: publications 
leaflet+2: readings 
leak+1: location 
leak+2: reveal 
leakage+1: leak 
leakage+2: reveal 
leap+1: GoForward 
leap+2: jump 
learn+1: know 
learn+2: study 
learning+1: knowledge 
learning+2: Learning 
lease+1: agreement 
lease+2: borrow 
least+1: few 
least+2: nonextensive 
leaven+1: change 
leaven+2: ize 
leaves+1: leave 
leaves+2: part 
Lebanese+1: human 
Lebanese+2: RelatingToCountry 
lech+1: FondOf 
lech+2: lascivious 
lechery+1: indulge 
lechery+2: lascivious 
ledge+1: InstitutePlace 
ledge+2: part 
lee+1: PositioningValue 
lee+2: protect 
leek+1: part 
leek+2: vegetable 
leeward+1: direction 
leeward+2: PositioningValue 
leeway+1: Range 
leeway+2: space 
left+1: left 
left+2: location 
leftist+1: community 
leftist+2: human 
legal+1: law 
legal+2: lawful 
legality+1: Lawfulness 
legality+2: system 
legalization+1: ize 
legalization+2: lawful 
legalize+1: ize 
legalize+2: prove 
legally+1: lawful 
legally+2: PropertyValue 
legitimacy+1: Lawfulness 
legitimacy+2: Trueness 
legitimate+1: ize 
legitimate+2: lawful 
legitimation+1: ize 
legitimation+2: lawful 
legume+1: part 
legume+2: plant 
leisure+1: phenomena 
leisure+2: time 
leisureliness+1: cosy 
leisureliness+2: idle 
leisurely+1: idle 
leisurely+2: unhurried 
lemon+1: fruit 
lemon+2: Taste 
lemonwood+1: material 
lemonwood+2: tree 
lemony+1: fruit 
lemony+2: Taste 
lengthen+1: AlterForm 
lengthen+2: AlterMeasurement 
lengthy+1: LengthLong 
lengthy+2: trivial 
lenitive+1: medicine 
lenitive+2: weaken 
lentil+1: part 
lentil+2: vegetable 
lesson+1: experience 
lesson+2: fact 
let+1: CauseToDo 
let+2: indulge 
lethal+1: able 
lethal+2: ResultIn 
lethargic+1: frail 
lethargic+2: stiff 
lethargy+1: stiff 
lethargy+2: willing 
letter+1: character 
letter+2: letter 
lettuce+1: part 
lettuce+2: vegetable 
level+1: Rank 
level+2: shape 
lever+1: lift 
lever+2: part 
leverage+1: method 
leverage+2: use 
levy+1: expenditure 
levy+2: include 
lexicon+1: expression 
lexicon+2: publications 
Li+1: metal 
Li+2: place 
liability+1: duty 
liability+2: wealth 
liaison+1: fact 
liaison+2: human 
Lian+1: surname 
Lian+2: waters 
liberalist+1: Behavior 
liberalist+2: human 
liberally+1: advantageous 
liberally+2: generous 
liberalness+1: generous 
liberalness+2: lenient 
Liberian+1: human 
Liberian+2: RelatingToCountry 
liberty+1: Freedom 
liberty+2: rash 
library+1: InstitutePlace 
library+2: readings 
libretto+1: publications 
libretto+2: text 
license+1: agree 
license+2: document 
licentious+1: lascivious 
licentious+2: rash 
lifeblood+1: Life 
lifeblood+2: Strength 
lifeless+1: boring 
lifeless+2: inactive 
lifelike+1: alike 
lifelike+2: interesting 
ligature+1: doctor 
ligature+2: fact 
light+1: watery 
light+2: weak 
lighten+1: AlterBrightness 
lighten+2: joyful 
lighter+1: NotHeavy 
lighter+2: ship 
lightness+1: Brightness 
lightness+2: Content 
lightning+1: lights 
lightning+2: sudden 
lightsome+1: joyful 
lightsome+2: NotHeavy 
lightweight+1: human 
lightweight+2: Rank 
likable+1: able 
likable+2: BestQuality 
like+1: FondOf 
like+2: FuncWord 
likely+1: FuncWord 
likely+2: possible 
likewise+1: alike 
likewise+2: FuncWord 
lilac+1: FlowerGrass 
lilac+2: purple 
limit+1: Boundary 
limit+2: delimit 
limitation+1: Boundary 
limitation+2: delimit 
limited+1: few 
limited+2: nonextensive 
limitless+1: broad 
limitless+2: extensive 
limp+1: frail 
limp+2: walk 
limpidity+1: lucid 
limpidity+2: Lucidity 
limpidly+1: clear 
limpidly+2: lucid 
Lincon+1: human 
Lincon+2: LandVehicle 
linen+1: artifact 
linen+2: material 
liner+1: Number 
liner+2: part 
lines+1: NounUnit 
lines+2: shape 
lineup+1: Form 
lineup+2: shape 
linger+1: circle 
linger+2: hesitate 
lingua+1: human 
lingua+2: part 
linguiform+1: curved 
linguiform+2: FormValue 
link+1: connect 
link+2: part 
lipide+1: material 
lipide+2: part 
lipoid+1: material 
lipoid+2: part 
liquefy+1: ize 
liquefy+2: StateChange 
liquidize+1: ize 
liquidize+2: StateChange 
liquor+1: alcohol 
liquor+2: liquid 
list+1: CauseToDo 
list+2: document 
listless+1: FeelingByBad 
listless+2: inactive 
listlessness+1: Activeness 
listlessness+2: inactive 
litchee+1: fruit 
litchee+2: tree 
litchi+1: fruit 
litchi+2: tree 
literal+1: ContentValue 
literal+2: FormValue 
literate+1: able 
literate+2: erudite 
literature+1: affairs 
literature+2: compile 
lithe+1: gracious 
lithe+2: soft 
lithely+1: gracious 
lithely+2: soft 
lithesome+1: gracious 
lithesome+2: soft 
Lithuanian+1: language 
Lithuanian+2: RelatingToCountry 
litter+1: spread 
litter+2: tool 
little+1: few 
little+2: LessThanNormal 
littoral+1: land 
littoral+2: location 
liveliness+1: interesting 
liveliness+2: RiseFall 
lives+1: Life 
lives+2: Living 
livid+1: grey 
livid+2: wounded 
load+1: load 
load+2: physical 
loader+1: human 
loader+2: tool 
loaf+1: food 
loaf+2: walk 
loanword+1: expression 
loanword+2: part 
loathe+1: despise 
loathe+2: disgust 
local+1: local 
local+2: native 
locality+1: location 
locality+2: part 
localize+1: decide 
localize+2: ize 
locally+1: native 
locally+2: pieced 
location+1: arrange 
location+2: location 
locomotive+1: automatic 
locomotive+2: part 
locust+1: InsectWorm 
locust+2: tree 
lodge+1: InstitutePlace 
lodge+2: part 
lodging+1: location 
lodging+2: place 
log+1: break 
log+2: material 
logic+1: knowledge 
logic+2: part 
logical+1: lucid 
logical+2: reason 
logistics+1: affairs 
logistics+2: knowledge 
loin+1: food 
loin+2: location 
loiter+1: SelfMove 
loiter+2: walk 
long+1: expect 
long+2: LengthLong 
longways+1: shows 
longways+2: vertical 
look+1: look 
look+2: TakeCare 
loom+1: circle 
loom+2: machine 
loophole+1: Demerit 
loophole+2: part 
loosely+1: big 
loosely+2: loose 
loquat+1: fruit 
loquat+2: tree 
lose+1: InDebt 
lose+2: lose 
loss+1: result 
loss+2: thing 
lost+1: PayAttention 
lost+2: uneasy 
lottery+1: fact 
lottery+2: Fate 
loud+1: bright 
loud+2: colored 
lounge+1: lean 
lounge+2: room 
lour+1: CausePartMove 
lour+2: dark 
low+1: low 
low+2: LowRank 
lowly+1: despicable 
lowly+2: LowRank 
loyalty+1: emotion 
loyalty+2: fact 
lucid+1: clear 
lucid+2: clearheaded 
lucidity+1: lucid 
lucidity+2: Lucidity 
luckily+1: fortunate 
luckily+2: FuncWord 
ludicrous+1: interesting 
ludicrous+2: wrong 
luge+1: TakeVehicle 
luge+2: tool 
luggage+1: artifact 
luggage+2: tool 
lukewarm+1: IllTreat 
lukewarm+2: warm 
lull+1: entice 
lull+2: ize 
lullaby+1: music 
lullaby+2: sing 
lumber+1: break 
lumber+2: material 
lumen+1: part 
lumen+2: Unit 
luminescent+1: bright 
luminescent+2: StateChange 
lump+1: become 
lump+2: disease 
lunatic+1: fierce 
lunatic+2: human 
Luo+1: surname 
Luo+2: waters 
lure+1: Ability 
lure+2: entice 
luridness+1: able 
luridness+2: grey 
luscious+1: GoodTaste 
luscious+2: sweet 
lush+1: exuberant 
lush+2: human 
lustre+1: Brightness 
lustre+2: lights 
luxuriantly+1: exuberant 
luxuriantly+2: fertile 
luxurious+1: extravagant 
luxurious+2: luxurious 
luxury+1: extravagant 
luxury+2: luxurious 
macaroni+1: food 
macaroni+2: human 
mace+1: tool 
mace+2: weapon 
Macedonian+1: language 
Macedonian+2: RelatingToCountry 
machination+1: plan 
machination+2: plans 
macro+1: grand 
macro+2: great 
macrobian+1: human 
macrobian+2: TimeLong 
macula+1: part 
macula+2: phenomena 
mad+1: fierce 
mad+2: mad 
magazine+1: publications 
magazine+2: tool 
maggot+1: InsectWorm 
maggot+2: thought 
magical+1: difficult 
magical+2: queer 
magisterial+1: autocratic 
magisterial+2: human 
magnanimity+1: broadminded 
magnanimity+2: Tolerance 
magnanimous+1: honest 
magnanimous+2: many 
magnanimously+1: broadminded 
magnanimously+2: generous 
magnet+1: metal 
magnet+2: physical 
magnetise+1: attract 
magnetise+2: ize 
magnetism+1: knowledge 
magnetism+2: Performance 
magnetite+1: InstitutePlace 
magnetite+2: physical 
magnetize+1: attract 
magnetize+2: ize 
magnification+1: enlarge 
magnification+2: MakeBetter 
magnificent+1: grand 
magnificent+2: magnificent 
magnificently+1: grand 
magnificently+2: magnificent 
magnify+1: enlarge 
magnify+2: MakeBetter 
magnitude+1: Intensity 
magnitude+2: Range 
Magyar+1: human 
Magyar+2: language 
mahogany+1: brown 
mahogany+2: wood 
maidenish+1: alike 
maidenish+2: first 
maidish+1: BehaviorValue 
maidish+2: human 
mailbox+1: facilities 
mailbox+2: tool 
maim+1: disable 
maim+2: kill 
mainland+1: earth 
mainland+2: place 
maintain+1: keep 
maintain+2: maintain 
majestic+1: dignified 
majestic+2: grand 
majestically+1: dignified 
majestically+2: grand 
majesty+1: dignified 
majesty+2: grand 
make+1: earn 
make+2: MakeAppointment 
maker+1: human 
maker+2: InstitutePlace 
makeup+1: Pattern 
makeup+2: result 
malady+1: disease 
malady+2: SocialMode 
Malagasy+1: language 
Malagasy+2: RelatingToCountry 
Malay+1: human 
Malay+2: language 
Malayan+1: human 
Malayan+2: place 
Malaysian+1: human 
Malaysian+2: RelatingToCountry 
malcontent+1: human 
malcontent+2: unsatisfied 
male+1: animal 
male+2: human 
malfeasance+1: despise 
malfeasance+2: fact 
malfunction+1: OutOfOrder 
malfunction+2: phenomena 
malice+1: aspiration 
malice+2: emotion 
malicious+1: aspiration 
malicious+2: wicked 
malign+1: slander 
malign+2: wicked 
malignancy+1: aspiration 
malignancy+2: disease 
malinger+1: pretend 
malinger+2: slack 
malodor+1: Odor 
malodor+2: stinky 
malodorous+1: Odor 
malodorous+2: stinky 
malodour+1: Odor 
malodour+2: stinky 
malpractice+1: despise 
malpractice+2: phenomena 
malt+1: alcohol 
malt+2: part 
Maltese+1: language 
Maltese+2: RelatingToCountry 
mambo+1: recreation 
mambo+2: shows 
mamma+1: human 
mamma+2: part 
mammonish+1: acquisitive 
mammonish+2: respect 
mammoth+1: beast 
mammoth+2: big 
manage+1: manage 
manage+2: try 
manageable+1: convenient 
manageable+2: possible 
Manchu+1: human 
Manchu+2: tribe 
mandarin+1: human 
mandarin+2: language 
maneuver+1: AlterLocation 
maneuver+2: SelfMove 
manful+1: BehaviorValue 
manful+2: brave 
manfulness+1: Behavior 
manfulness+2: BehaviorValue 
manger+1: shape 
manger+2: tool 
mangetout+1: part 
mangetout+2: vegetable 
mangle+1: AlterForm 
mangle+2: damage 
mango+1: fruit 
mango+2: tree 
maniac+1: fierce 
maniac+2: human 
manipulate+1: control 
manipulate+2: function 
manipulation+1: control 
manipulation+2: function 
mankind+1: community 
mankind+2: human 
manliness+1: Behavior 
manliness+2: BehaviorValue 
manly+1: BehaviorValue 
manly+2: dignified 
manned+1: control 
manned+2: manual 
manners+1: Courtesy 
manners+2: Demeanor 
mannish+1: BehaviorValue 
mannish+2: human 
manoeuvre+1: dispatch 
manoeuvre+2: drill 
manpower+1: Amount 
manpower+2: Strength 
manual+1: ProcessingStateValue 
manual+2: readings 
manufacture+1: artifact 
manufacture+2: produce 
manure+1: feed 
manure+2: material 
map+1: draw 
map+2: image 
mapping+1: draw 
mapping+2: image 
marathon+1: fact 
marathon+2: TimeLong 
marble+1: stone 
marble+2: tool 
marginal+1: Boundary 
marginal+2: unimportant 
marinade+1: cook 
marinade+2: material 
maritime+1: transport 
maritime+2: waters 
mark+1: express 
Mark+1: money 
mark+1: symbol 
mark+2: mark 
Mark+2: Name 
mark+2: trace 
market+1: Circumstances 
market+2: InstitutePlace 
marriage+1: fact 
marriage+2: Marriage 
marry+1: GetMarried 
marry+2: MarryFrom 
marshy+1: land 
marshy+2: soft 
martyr+1: human 
martyr+2: kill 
marvel+1: phenomena 
marvel+2: surprise 
masculinity+1: BehaviorValue 
masculinity+2: Sex 
mash+1: grind 
mash+2: physical 
mashed+1: FormValue 
mashed+2: soft 
mass+1: human 
mass+2: shape 
massacre+1: fact 
massacre+2: kill 
massager+1: human 
massager+2: tool 
massive+1: extensive 
massive+2: many 
master+1: human 
master+2: know 
masterful+1: autocratic 
masterful+2: refined 
mastermind+1: human 
mastermind+2: plan 
masterpiece+1: artifact 
masterpiece+2: music 
mastery+1: BeAble 
mastery+2: control 
match+1: mix 
match+2: provide 
matchless+1: impossible 
matchless+2: unique 
matchlessly+1: extreme 
matchlessly+2: impossible 
matchmaker+1: human 
matchmaker+2: InstitutePlace 
material+1: material 
material+2: physical 
maternity+1: Attachment 
maternity+2: knowledge 
matriculate+1: human 
matriculate+2: include 
matrimony+1: fact 
matrimony+2: GetMarried 
matrix+1: symbol 
matrix+2: tool 
matte+1: chemical 
matte+2: undergo 
maturate+1: inflamed 
maturate+2: ripe 
mature+1: due 
mature+2: ripe 
maturity+1: ripe 
maturity+2: Ripeness 
maul+1: beat 
maul+2: damage 
maunder+1: speak 
maunder+2: talk 
Mauritanian+1: human 
Mauritanian+2: RelatingToCountry 
Mauritian+1: human 
Mauritian+2: RelatingToCountry 
maverick+1: human 
maverick+2: unorthodox 
maxim+1: expression 
maxim+2: Standard 
maximal+1: extensive 
maximal+2: FuncWord 
maximise+1: add 
maximise+2: use 
maximize+1: add 
maximize+2: use 
maximum+1: Boundary 
maximum+2: Degree 
Maya+1: human 
Maya+2: language 
maze+1: facilities 
maze+2: ignorant 
Mazu+1: humanized 
Mazu+2: place 
meager+1: information 
meager+2: insubstantial 
meal+1: edible 
meal+2: fact 
meals+1: edible 
meals+2: food 
mealy+1: crude 
mealy+2: FormValue 
meander+1: crawl 
meander+2: FormChange 
meaning+1: aspiration 
meaning+2: Importance 
meaningful+1: profound 
meaningful+2: substantial 
meaningless+1: insubstantial 
meaningless+2: rash 
meanly+1: despicable 
meanly+2: miser 
means+1: implement 
means+2: mean 
meanwhile+1: FuncWord 
meanwhile+2: simultaneous 
measly+1: few 
measly+2: ill 
measure+1: Range 
measure+2: Size 
measurement+1: method 
measurement+2: Size 
meat+1: food 
meat+2: part 
meatman+1: human 
meatman+2: InstitutePlace 
mechanism+1: part 
mechanism+2: regulation 
mechanized+1: automatic 
mechanized+2: ize 
media+1: community 
media+2: InfoCarrier 
median+1: central 
median+2: part 
medic+1: FlowerGrass 
medic+2: human 
medical+1: affairs 
medical+2: knowledge 
medication+1: doctor 
medication+2: medicine 
medicine+1: affairs 
medicine+2: knowledge 
mediocre+1: mediocre 
mediocre+2: ordinary 
mediocrity+1: human 
mediocrity+2: mediocre 
meditation+1: sit 
meditation+2: think 
meditative+1: careful 
meditative+2: think 
medium+1: method 
medium+2: physical 
medley+1: fact 
medley+2: music 
meek+1: docile 
meek+2: euphonious 
meet+1: suffer 
meet+2: welcome 
megaphone+1: communicate 
megaphone+2: tool 
melancholic+1: joyful 
melancholic+2: sad 
melancholy+1: emotion 
melancholy+2: sad 
meld+1: merge 
meld+2: mix 
melodic+1: euphonious 
melodic+2: SoundQuality 
melt+1: burn 
melt+2: StateChange 
memo+1: document 
memo+2: material 
memorandum+1: document 
memorandum+2: text 
memorialise+1: commemorate 
memorialise+2: request 
memorialize+1: commemorate 
memorialize+2: request 
memory+1: Ability 
memory+2: part 
menace+1: Circumstances 
menace+2: damage 
mending+1: force 
mending+2: repair 
menopause+1: phenomena 
menopause+2: time 
menstruation+1: excrete 
menstruation+2: part 
menstruum+1: chemical 
menstruum+2: part 
mental+1: AttachmentValue 
mental+2: EmotionalityValue 
menu+1: account 
menu+2: document 
Mercedes+1: LandVehicle 
Mercedes+2: Name 
mercenary+1: acquisitive 
mercenary+2: human 
merchandising+1: knowledge 
merchandising+2: sell 
mercury+1: mark 
mercury+2: metal 
mercy+1: lenient 
mercy+2: pity 
merge+1: buy 
merge+2: merge 
merino+1: livestock 
merino+2: part 
merit+1: benefit 
merit+2: Merit 
merry+1: joyful 
merry+2: nimble 
mesmerise+1: attract 
mesmerise+2: urge 
mesmerism+1: method 
mesmerism+2: urge 
mesmerize+1: attract 
mesmerize+2: urge 
message+1: information 
message+2: text 
messy+1: disorder 
messy+2: inconsistent 
metalwork+1: fact 
metalwork+2: tool 
metamorphose+1: AlterForm 
metamorphose+2: FormChange 
metastasize+1: disperse 
metastasize+2: SelfMove 
meteor+1: celestial 
meteor+2: phenomena 
meter+1: Pattern 
meter+2: tool 
methodology+1: knowledge 
methodology+2: method 
metre+1: Pattern 
metre+2: Speed 
metrorrhagia+1: disease 
metrorrhagia+2: phenomena 
mew+1: cry 
mew+2: sound 
Mexican+1: human 
Mexican+2: RelatingToCountry 
Mian+1: place 
Mian+2: waters 
Miao+1: surname 
Miao+2: tribe 
microblog+1: estimate 
microblog+2: InstitutePlace 
mid+1: intermediate 
mid+2: location 
middle+1: intermediate 
middle+2: location 
midget+1: human 
midget+2: small 
mien+1: Bearing 
mien+2: Behavior 
might+1: FuncWord 
might+2: Power 
mightily+1: great 
mightily+2: sturdy 
migration+1: SelfMove 
migration+2: TakeAway 
mild+1: gentle 
mild+2: weak 
mildly+1: gentle 
mildly+2: weak 
milestone+1: fact 
milestone+2: mark 
militant+1: FondOf 
militant+2: human 
militaristic+1: FondOf 
militaristic+2: system 
military+1: affairs 
military+2: army 
milky+1: part 
milky+2: yellow 
millennial+1: human 
millennial+2: time 
miller+1: human 
miller+2: machine 
millet+1: crop 
millet+2: material 
mimeograph+1: print 
mimeograph+2: tool 
Min+1: place 
Min+2: surname 
mince+1: cut 
mince+2: shape 
mindful+1: careful 
mindful+2: PayAttention 
mine+1: put 
mine+2: weapon 
mineral+1: inanimate 
mineral+2: PropertyValue 
miniature+1: small 
miniature+2: thing 
miniaturisation+1: ize 
miniaturisation+2: shrink 
miniaturise+1: ize 
miniaturise+2: shrink 
miniaturization+1: ize 
miniaturization+2: shrink 
miniaturize+1: ize 
miniaturize+2: shrink 
mink+1: beast 
mink+2: clothing 
minor+1: study 
minor+2: unimportant 
minority+1: Amount 
minority+2: tribe 
mint+1: food 
mint+2: medicine 
minuet+1: fact 
minuet+2: music 
minus+1: DoSum 
minus+2: negative 
minute+1: trivial 
minute+2: Unit 
miotic+1: enlarge 
miotic+2: medicine 
mirror+1: illuminate 
mirror+2: mean 
misapplication+1: steal 
misapplication+2: use 
misappropriation+1: fact 
misappropriation+2: steal 
miscalculation+1: estimate 
miscalculation+2: thought 
miscellany+1: text 
miscellany+2: thing 
mischievous+1: disadvantageous 
mischievous+2: mischievous 
misconduct+1: despise 
misconduct+2: handle 
miserable+1: miserable 
miserable+2: sorrowful 
mismarry+1: MarryFrom 
mismarry+2: MarryTo 
misprint+1: character 
misprint+2: print 
miss+1: lose 
miss+2: ThinkOf 
Mississippi+1: place 
Mississippi+2: waters 
Missouri+1: place 
Missouri+2: waters 
mist+1: CloudMist 
mist+2: cover 
mistake+1: misunderstand 
mistake+2: result 
mistrust+1: believe 
mistrust+2: emotion 
mite+1: Amount 
mite+2: InsectWorm 
mitigation+1: exempt 
mitigation+2: medicine 
mixture+1: medicine 
mixture+2: mix 
Mo+1: metal 
Mo+2: surname 
moan+1: MakeSound 
moan+2: sigh 
mob+1: assemble 
mob+2: human 
mobility+1: Ability 
mobility+2: Adaptability 
modelling+1: fact 
modelling+2: Form 
moderately+1: intermediate 
moderately+2: proper 
moderation+1: proper 
moderation+2: restrain 
modern+1: fashionable 
modern+2: present 
modest+1: crude 
modest+2: few 
modify+1: alter 
modify+2: amend 
modulate+1: adjust 
modulate+2: alter 
modulation+1: adjust 
modulation+2: alter 
mogul+1: fact 
mogul+2: human 
moisture+1: Dampness 
moisture+2: gas 
molar+1: part 
molar+2: Unit 
mold+1: bacteria 
mold+2: tool 
molest+1: damage 
molest+2: mating 
mollification+1: resume 
mollification+2: weaken 
mollify+1: BeRecovered 
mollify+2: resume 
molt+1: lose 
molt+2: replace 
molten+1: produce 
molten+2: StateChange 
monarchy+1: place 
monarchy+2: system 
money+1: fund 
money+2: money 
moneymaking+1: able 
moneymaking+2: earn 
Mongolian+1: human 
Mongolian+2: language 
mongrel+1: animate 
mongrel+2: livestock 
monogamy+1: phenomena 
monogamy+2: system 
monopolize+1: control 
monopolize+2: own 
monopoly+1: control 
monopoly+2: rights 
monovalent+1: able 
monovalent+2: PropertyValue 
monstrosity+1: disease 
monstrosity+2: humanized 
monstrous+1: extreme 
monstrous+2: fierce 
monstrously+1: able 
monstrously+2: fierce 
Montgomery+1: human 
Montgomery+2: place 
month+1: time 
month+2: Unit 
moon+1: celestial 
moon+2: lights 
moonlight+1: lights 
moonlight+2: undertake 
moony+1: absentminded 
moony+2: bright 
moor+1: CeaseCauseTOMove 
moor+2: land 
mooring+1: stay 
mooring+2: tool 
mop+1: destroy 
mop+2: tool 
morality+1: Behavior 
morality+2: Morality 
morally+1: AttachmentValue 
morally+2: PropertyValue 
morals+1: Behavior 
morals+2: Morality 
morass+1: land 
morass+2: waters 
morbid+1: abnormal 
morbid+2: knowledge 
morbidity+1: disadvantageous 
morbidity+2: Rate 
Moroccan+1: human 
Moroccan+2: RelatingToCountry 
morose+1: FeelingByBad 
morose+2: sad 
mortal+1: able 
mortal+2: human 
mortification+1: ill 
mortification+2: phenomena 
mortify+1: ill 
mortify+2: restrain 
mothy+1: bite 
mothy+2: PropertyValue 
motion+1: AlterLocation 
motion+2: fact 
motive+1: purpose 
motive+2: urge 
motor+1: machine 
motor+2: part 
mound+1: facilities 
mound+2: land 
Mountie+1: human 
Mountie+2: institution 
Mounties+1: human 
Mounties+2: institution 
mouth+1: location 
mouth+2: part 
movable+1: able 
movable+2: changeable 
movie+1: InstitutePlace 
movie+2: shows 
mower+1: human 
mower+2: tool 
Mozambican+1: human 
Mozambican+2: RelatingToCountry 
Mozart+1: human 
Mozart+2: music 
MS+1: disease 
MS+2: place 
muck+1: excrement 
muck+2: material 
muddled+1: foolish 
muddled+2: ignorant 
muddleheaded+1: foolish 
muddleheaded+2: potty 
muff+1: damage 
muff+2: part 
muffler+1: clothing 
muffler+2: tool 
mug+1: rob 
mug+2: tool 
mulberry+1: part 
mulberry+2: tree 
multifarious+1: mixed 
multifarious+2: various 
multimedia+1: BehaviorValue 
multimedia+2: tool 
multiple+1: add 
multiple+2: symbol 
multiplicator+1: symbol 
multiplicator+2: tool 
multitude+1: Amount 
multitude+2: human 
mum+1: human 
mum+2: KeepSilence 
mummy+1: human 
mummy+2: part 
munificence+1: generous 
munificence+2: Tolerance 
murder+1: fact 
murder+2: kill 
murderous+1: fierce 
murderous+2: kill 
murky+1: blurred 
murky+2: dark 
murmuring+1: LowVoice 
murmuring+2: weep 
muscle+1: part 
muscle+2: Strength 
music+1: music 
music+2: publications 
musk+1: beast 
musk+2: medicine 
must+1: artifact 
must+2: FuncWord 
muster+1: assemble 
muster+2: check 
mutant+1: animate 
mutant+2: Similarity 
mute+1: disable 
mute+2: human 
mutiny+1: betray 
mutiny+2: fact 
mutter+1: ExpressDissatisfaction 
mutter+2: MakeSound 
my+1: human 
my+2: specific 
mydriatic+1: able 
mydriatic+2: medicine 
myotic+1: enlarge 
myotic+2: medicine 
mysterious+1: covert 
mysterious+2: profound 
mysteriously+1: covert 
mysteriously+2: profound 
mystery+1: covert 
mystery+2: fact 
mystic+1: covert 
mystic+2: method 
mystical+1: covert 
mystical+2: queer 
mystify+1: ize 
mystify+2: MakeMisunderstand 
mythical+1: extraordinary 
mythical+2: text 
mythological+1: extraordinary 
mythological+2: text 
Na+1: metal 
Na+2: surname 
nag+1: livestock 
nag+2: MakeTrouble 
naked+1: exposure 
naked+2: naked 
Namibian+1: human 
Namibian+2: RelatingToCountry 
nap+1: material 
nap+2: part 
narcotic+1: drug 
narcotic+2: medicine 
narration+1: explain 
narration+2: fact 
nascent+1: flourishing 
nascent+2: recent 
nasty+1: able 
nasty+2: despicable 
nation+1: place 
nation+2: tribe 
nationality+1: Kind 
nationality+2: Nationality 
naturalism+1: NaturalThing 
naturalism+2: thinking 
naturally+1: FuncWord 
naturally+2: honest 
naturalness+1: naif 
naturalness+2: unaffected 
naught+1: aspiration 
naught+2: cardinal 
nauseate+1: CauseToDo 
nauseate+2: ill 
nauseated+1: ill 
nauseated+2: vomit 
nautical+1: able 
nautical+2: fact 
navigate+1: guide 
navigate+2: VehicleGo 
navigation+1: fact 
navigation+2: guide 
Nazi+1: human 
Nazi+2: system 
near+1: BeNear 
near+2: intimate 
nearby+1: location 
nearby+2: near 
nearsighted+1: superficial 
nearsighted+2: unable 
nebula+1: celestial 
nebula+2: disease 
necessarily+1: FuncWord 
necessarily+2: necessary 
necessary+1: aspiration 
necessary+2: necessary 
necessity+1: artifact 
necessity+2: aspiration 
neckband+1: fittings 
neckband+2: part 
nefarious+1: unlawful 
nefarious+2: wicked 
negate+1: deny 
negate+2: refute 
negation+1: deny 
negation+2: refute 
neglect+1: despise 
neglect+2: forget 
negligent+1: careful 
negligent+2: careless 
negligently+1: careful 
negligently+2: careless 
negligible+1: few 
negligible+2: negligible 
negligibly+1: few 
negligibly+2: negligible 
neigh+1: cry 
neigh+2: sound 
neighbourhood+1: location 
neighbourhood+2: place 
neighbouring+1: location 
neighbouring+2: near 
neology+1: create 
neology+2: expression 
neon+1: chemical 
neon+2: tool 
neoteric+1: human 
neoteric+2: time 
Nepalese+1: human 
Nepalese+2: RelatingToCountry 
Nepali+1: language 
Nepali+2: RelatingToCountry 
nescient+1: experience 
nescient+2: unscholarly 
nettlesome+1: able 
nettlesome+2: BadTemper 
neurasthenic+1: disease 
neurasthenic+2: human 
neurotic+1: AptTo 
neurotic+2: disease 
neutral+1: fact 
neutral+2: fair 
neutralise+1: damage 
neutralise+2: destroy 
neutrality+1: fact 
neutrality+2: Kind 
neutralize+1: damage 
neutralize+2: destroy 
newborn+1: human 
newborn+2: recent 
news+1: information 
news+2: news 
next+1: future 
next+2: next 
nib+1: cut 
nib+2: part 
Nicaraguan+1: human 
Nicaraguan+2: RelatingToCountry 
niceness+1: HighQuality 
niceness+2: polite 
nick+1: cut 
nick+2: part 
nickel+1: apply 
nickel+2: metal 
nickname+1: compile 
nickname+2: Name 
Nigerian+1: human 
Nigerian+2: RelatingToCountry 
niggle+1: quarrel 
niggle+2: upset 
nil+1: Amount 
nil+2: cardinal 
nimble+1: dexterous 
nimble+2: nimble 
nimbly+1: dexterous 
nimbly+2: nimble 
Nipponese+1: human 
Nipponese+2: RelatingToCountry 
niqab+1: clothing 
niqab+2: tool 
nitrate+1: chemical 
nitrate+2: ize 
nitroglycerin+1: chemical 
nitroglycerin+2: medicine 
no+1: all 
no+2: expression 
noble+1: HighRank 
noble+2: human 
noisily+1: loud 
noisily+2: noisy 
nomadism+1: function 
nomadism+2: Living 
nominal+1: fake 
nominal+2: useless 
nomination+1: appoint 
nomination+2: RegardAs 
nonchalant+1: IllTreat 
nonchalant+2: indifferent 
noncombustible+1: impossible 
noncombustible+2: inanimate 
noncommittal+1: flexible 
noncommittal+2: vague 
noninterference+1: MakeTrouble 
noninterference+2: thinking 
nonintervention+1: MakeTrouble 
nonintervention+2: thinking 
nonpayment+1: fund 
nonpayment+2: owe 
nonprofessional+1: human 
nonprofessional+2: temporary 
nonprofit+1: community 
nonprofit+2: PropertyValue 
nonremittal+1: fund 
nonremittal+2: owe 
nonresistant+1: human 
nonresistant+2: resist 
nonsense+1: expression 
nonsense+2: text 
nonsmoker+1: human 
nonsmoker+2: part 
norm+1: Amount 
norm+2: Standard 
normal+1: normal 
normal+2: Normality 
normally+1: FuncWord 
normally+2: normal 
Norwegian+1: human 
Norwegian+2: language 
notable+1: able 
notable+2: human 
notarization+1: document 
notarization+2: prove 
notch+1: break 
notch+2: part 
notebook+1: account 
notebook+2: computer 
noteworthy+1: able 
noteworthy+2: extraordinary 
notice+1: document 
notice+2: perception 
noticeable+1: able 
noticeable+2: attractive 
notification+1: disseminate 
notification+2: tell 
notify+1: disseminate 
notify+2: tell 
notion+1: standpoint 
notion+2: thinking 
nourish+1: improve 
nourish+2: teach 
novel+1: new 
novel+2: text 
now+1: present 
now+2: time 
noxious+1: disadvantageous 
noxious+2: poisonous 
nuclear+1: part 
nuclear+2: Strength 
numb+1: dizzy 
numb+2: paralyse 
numeral+1: part 
numeral+2: symbol 
nunnery+1: facilities 
nunnery+2: InstitutePlace 
nurse+1: maintain 
nurse+2: TakeCare 
nurture+1: cultivate 
nurture+2: foster 
nutrient+1: able 
nutrient+2: physical 
nutrition+1: physical 
nutrition+2: Property 
oath+1: fact 
oath+2: text 
obesity+1: disease 
obesity+2: fat 
objectify+1: ize 
objectify+2: remove 
objection+1: oppose 
objection+2: text 
objective+1: fair 
objective+2: part 
objectiveness+1: fair 
objectiveness+2: Fairness 
oblique+1: Performance 
oblique+2: slanted 
obliterate+1: destroy 
obliterate+2: discharge 
obliteration+1: destroy 
obliteration+2: disappear 
oblivious+1: easy 
oblivious+2: forget 
observance+1: fact 
observance+2: obey 
observant+1: clever 
observant+2: perceptive 
observation+1: investigate 
observation+2: look 
observe+1: congratulate 
observe+2: look 
obsolescence+1: abandon 
obsolescence+2: unfashionable 
obstacle+1: facilities 
obstacle+2: thing 
obstinacy+1: Obstinacy 
obstinacy+2: stubborn 
obstinate+1: NotSensible 
obstinate+2: resolute 
obstinately+1: NotSensible 
obstinately+2: resolute 
obstruct+1: block 
obstruct+2: BlockUp 
obstructive+1: facilities 
obstructive+2: PropertyValue 
obviously+1: FuncWord 
obviously+2: lucid 
obviousness+1: Lucidity 
obviousness+2: Obviousness 
occasion+1: Occasion 
occasion+2: time 
occasional+1: accidental 
occasional+2: rarely 
occlusive+1: BlockUp 
occlusive+2: sound 
occult+1: hide 
occult+2: queer 
occupancy+1: occupy 
occupancy+2: own 
occupation+1: affairs 
occupation+2: occupy 
occupy+1: occupy 
occupy+2: situated 
occurrence+1: fact 
occurrence+2: happen 
Oceanian+1: earth 
Oceanian+2: human 
ocular+1: experience 
ocular+2: tool 
oddball+1: eccentric 
oddball+2: human 
oddment+1: shape 
oddment+2: thing 
odds+1: Disadvantage 
odds+2: Rate 
odious+1: able 
odious+2: despicable 
odorous+1: OdorValue 
odorous+2: stinky 
oecumenical+1: extensive 
oecumenical+2: international 
offal+1: part 
offal+2: waste 
offbeat+1: GeoIrregular 
offbeat+2: unique 
offend+1: disobey 
offend+2: offend 
offense+1: attack 
offense+2: fact 
offensive+1: fierce 
offensive+2: Posture 
offer+1: provide 
offer+2: text 
offering+1: physical 
offering+2: provide 
offhanded+1: unintentional 
offhanded+2: unready 
offhandedly+1: unintentional 
offhandedly+2: unready 
office+1: affairs 
office+2: part 
offshore+1: leave 
offshore+2: location 
ogle+1: experience 
ogle+2: look 
ointment+1: material 
ointment+2: medicine 
old+1: unfashionable 
old+2: used 
olive+1: fruit 
olive+2: tree 
omen+1: announce 
omen+2: information 
ominous+1: inauspicuous 
ominous+2: wicked 
omission+1: conduct 
omission+2: discharge 
omit+1: discharge 
omit+2: forget 
omnibus+1: explain 
omnibus+2: LandVehicle 
omnipotent+1: able 
omnipotent+2: RoleValue 
oncoming+1: happen 
oncoming+2: soon 
one+1: cardinal 
one+2: NounUnit 
oneself+1: human 
oneself+2: inanimate 
onion+1: part 
onion+2: vegetable 
only+1: FuncWord 
only+2: only 
onset+1: attack 
onset+2: happen 
Ontario+1: place 
Ontario+2: waters 
ontic+1: entity 
ontic+2: physical 
ontology+1: knowledge 
ontology+2: part 
ooze+1: drain 
ooze+2: soak 
opacity+1: blurred 
opacity+2: Clearness 
opaque+1: blurred 
opaque+2: vague 
opening+1: location 
opening+2: part 
openness+1: Broadmindness 
openness+2: free 
operate+1: function 
operate+2: manage 
operational+1: control 
operational+2: fight 
operative+1: control 
operative+2: human 
opiate+1: medicine 
opiate+2: sleep 
opponent+1: BeOpposite 
opponent+2: human 
opposition+1: community 
opposition+2: oppose 
oppress+1: damage 
oppress+2: restrain 
oppressive+1: fierce 
oppressive+2: restrain 
opprobrium+1: phenomena 
opprobrium+2: Reputation 
oppugn+1: doubt 
oppugn+2: interrogate 
option+1: choose 
option+2: result 
oral+1: eat 
oral+2: FormValue 
orange+1: fruit 
orange+2: yellow 
orbit+1: part 
orbit+2: route 
orchestra+1: community 
orchestra+2: room 
orchid+1: FlowerGrass 
orchid+2: purple 
order+1: PutInOrder 
order+2: Sequence 
ordinal+1: InSequence 
ordinal+2: symbol 
ordinarily+1: FuncWord 
ordinarily+2: often 
ordinary+1: informal 
ordinary+2: ordinary 
organic+1: animate 
organic+2: PropertyValue 
organism+1: animate 
organism+2: part 
organization+1: establish 
organization+2: organization 
organized+1: collective 
organized+2: establish 
orientation+1: decide 
orientation+2: direction 
origin+1: Source 
origin+2: symbol 
originality+1: Creativeness 
originality+2: thought 
originally+1: original 
originally+2: past 
originate+1: begin 
originate+2: ResultFrom 
origination+1: begin 
origination+2: part 
ormosia+1: part 
ormosia+2: vegetable 
ornament+1: decorate 
ornament+2: thing 
ornamental+1: able 
ornamental+2: plant 
ornamentation+1: decorate 
ornamentation+2: thing 
orthodoxy+1: Conventionality 
orthodoxy+2: orthodox 
osier+1: part 
osier+2: tree 
other+1: human 
other+2: inanimate 
ounce+1: beast 
ounce+2: Unit 
oust+1: dismiss 
oust+2: expel 
out+1: err 
out+2: external 
outbound+1: external 
outbound+2: leave 
outcast+1: human 
outcast+2: suffer 
outcrop+1: exposure 
outcrop+2: part 
outcry+1: announce 
outcry+2: cry 
outfit+1: arrange 
outfit+2: clothing 
outflank+1: surpass 
outflank+2: surround 
outflow+1: GoOut 
outflow+2: spill 
outgoing+1: cease 
outgoing+2: GoOut 
outgrowth+1: CauseToGrow 
outgrowth+2: part 
outlay+1: expenditure 
outlay+2: pay 
outline+1: part 
outline+2: text 
outlook+1: predict 
outlook+2: thinking 
outpouring+1: flow 
outpouring+2: waters 
output+1: Amount 
output+2: result 
outrage+1: emotion 
outrage+2: fact 
outride+1: keep 
outride+2: pass 
outstanding+1: fantastic 
outstanding+2: lucid 
outstandingly+1: fantastic 
outstandingly+2: lucid 
outward+1: Appearance 
outward+2: external 
overbearing+1: arrogant 
overbearing+2: autocratic 
overcast+1: dark 
overcast+2: WeatherBad 
overdue+1: due 
overdue+2: unfashionable 
overgrowth+1: disease 
overgrowth+2: grow 
overhaul+1: improve 
overhaul+2: repair 
overhead+1: cross 
overhead+2: location 
overkill+1: Ability 
overkill+2: kill 
overlap+1: BeAcross 
overlap+2: repeat 
overlay+1: cover 
overlay+2: HideTruth 
overload+1: load 
overload+2: unqualified 
overnight+1: time 
overnight+2: TimeShort 
overpass+1: cross 
overpass+2: part 
overreach+1: defeat 
overreach+2: seek 
overrun+1: cross 
overrun+2: damage 
overseas+1: foreign 
overseas+2: location 
oversensitive+1: disease 
oversensitive+2: doubt 
oversight+1: result 
oversight+2: supervise 
overstate+1: boast 
overstate+2: speak 
oversupply+1: phenomena 
oversupply+2: surpass 
overtake+1: cross 
overtake+2: surpass 
overture+1: part 
overture+2: propose 
overturn+1: defeat 
overturn+2: reverse 
overwatch+1: protect 
overwatch+2: supervise 
overwhelm+1: restrain 
overwhelm+2: surpass 
overwork+1: affairs 
overwork+2: use 
own+1: own 
own+2: self 
ownership+1: rights 
ownership+2: system 
Oxford+1: InstitutePlace 
Oxford+2: place 
pace+1: Speed 
pace+2: walk 
pacemaker+1: human 
pacemaker+2: tool 
pacify+1: attack 
pacify+2: ize 
package+1: part 
package+2: tool 
packet+1: NounUnit 
packet+2: tool 
pad+1: part 
pad+2: tool 
paddle+1: drive 
paddle+2: part 
paddy+1: crop 
paddy+2: land 
padlock+1: fix 
padlock+2: tool 
pagan+1: community 
pagan+2: human 
pageant+1: fact 
pageant+2: shows 
paid+1: PropertyValue 
paid+2: undergo 
painful+1: miserable 
painful+2: painful 
painfulness+1: emotion 
painfulness+2: experience 
pains+1: endeavour 
pains+2: misfortunate 
painstaking+1: careful 
painstaking+2: diligent 
painstakingly+1: careful 
painstakingly+2: diligent 
painter+1: beast 
painter+2: human 
painting+1: describe 
painting+2: draw 
Pakistani+1: human 
Pakistani+2: RelatingToCountry 
pal+1: become 
pal+2: human 
palace+1: building 
palace+2: house 
palaver+1: entice 
palaver+2: please 
paleness+1: boring 
paleness+2: grey 
Palestinian+1: human 
Palestinian+2: RelatingToCountry 
pall+1: err 
pall+2: frighten 
palliative+1: refute 
palliative+2: weaken 
palm+1: part 
palm+2: tree 
palpable+1: lucid 
palpable+2: palpable 
palpation+1: diagnose 
palpation+2: method 
palpitation+1: phenomena 
palpitation+2: shiver 
paltry+1: inferior 
paltry+2: negligible 
pamper+1: indulge 
pamper+2: like 
Panamanian+1: human 
Panamanian+2: RelatingToCountry 
pandemic+1: able 
pandemic+2: disease 
pander+1: entice 
pander+2: human 
pane+1: part 
pane+2: shape 
panic+1: emotion 
panic+2: fear 
Panjabi+1: human 
Panjabi+2: language 
pansy+1: FlowerGrass 
pansy+2: human 
pant+1: pant 
pant+2: sound 
pap+1: edible 
pap+2: part 
paperback+1: paperback 
paperback+2: publications 
papermaking+1: affairs 
papermaking+2: produce 
paprika+1: part 
paprika+2: vegetable 
parachute+1: drop 
parachute+2: GoDown 
parade+1: fact 
parade+2: ShowOff 
paragraph+1: NounUnit 
paragraph+2: part 
Paraguayan+1: human 
Paraguayan+2: RelatingToCountry 
parallelism+1: method 
parallelism+2: simultaneous 
paralogism+1: regulation 
paralogism+2: thinking 
paralytic+1: human 
paralytic+2: paralyse 
paranoid+1: HealthValue 
paranoid+2: human 
parcel+1: physical 
parcel+2: tool 
parchment+1: material 
parchment+2: part 
pardon+1: exempt 
pardon+2: forgive 
pare+1: cut 
pare+2: StripOff 
parent+1: human 
parent+2: ProvideFor 
parentage+1: Lineage 
parentage+2: Origin 
parenthesis+1: part 
parenthesis+2: symbol 
parole+1: release 
parole+2: text 
parrot+1: bird 
parrot+2: human 
parry+1: evade 
parry+2: obstruct 
parsimony+1: miser 
parsimony+2: thrifty 
parsley+1: part 
parsley+2: vegetable 
partial+1: biased 
partial+2: pieced 
partiality+1: emotion 
partiality+2: thinking 
particle+1: part 
particle+2: shape 
particulate+1: part 
particulate+2: physical 
partition+1: component 
partition+2: part 
pass+1: submit 
pass+2: transmit 
passable+1: able 
passable+2: mediocre 
passably+1: ish 
passably+2: mediocre 
passageway+1: part 
passageway+2: route 
passionate+1: ardent 
passionate+2: passionate 
paste+1: material 
paste+2: shape 
pastime+1: fact 
pastime+2: WhileAway 
pasturage+1: feed 
pasturage+2: FlowerGrass 
pasture+1: feed 
pasture+2: land 
pat+1: able 
pat+2: beat 
patent+1: artifact 
patent+2: rights 
paternity+1: Attachment 
paternity+2: rights 
path+1: method 
path+2: route 
pathetic+1: able 
pathetic+2: disheartened 
patient+1: human 
patient+2: patient 
patiently+1: able 
patiently+2: patient 
patriotic+1: like 
patriotic+2: thinking 
patriotism+1: emotion 
patriotism+2: thinking 
patrol+1: part 
patrol+2: supervise 
patronize+1: arrive 
patronize+2: grant 
pause+1: cease 
pause+2: end 
pavement+1: part 
pavement+2: route 
pavilion+1: facilities 
pavilion+2: part 
pawn+1: human 
pawn+2: part 
pay+1: pay 
pay+2: payment 
payment+1: money 
payment+2: pay 
payroll+1: Amount 
payroll+2: document 
paysheet+1: Amount 
paysheet+2: document 
pea+1: part 
pea+2: vegetable 
peach+1: fruit 
peach+2: human 
peacock+1: bird 
peacock+2: ShowOff 
peanut+1: crop 
peanut+2: food 
pease+1: part 
pease+2: vegetable 
peck+1: eat 
peck+2: MakeTrouble 
pecker+1: bird 
pecker+2: part 
pecularity+1: thing 
pecularity+2: treasure 
peculate+1: occupy 
peculate+2: steal 
peculiar+1: eccentric 
peculiar+2: queer 
peculiarly+1: eccentric 
peculiarly+2: queer 
pedagogics+1: knowledge 
pedagogics+2: method 
pedal+1: kick 
pedal+2: part 
pedantic+1: BadTemper 
pedantic+2: NotQuick 
peddle+1: cry 
peddle+2: sell 
pedestrian+1: human 
pedestrian+2: PerformanceValue 
pee+1: excrement 
pee+2: excrete 
peek+1: experience 
peek+2: look 
peel+1: part 
peel+2: StripOff 
peep+1: look 
peep+2: sound 
peer+1: human 
peer+2: look 
peg+1: fix 
peg+2: tool 
pejorative+1: expression 
pejorative+2: PropertyValue 
Pekinese+1: human 
Pekinese+2: livestock 
pellucid+1: clear 
pellucid+2: easy 
pellucidity+1: clear 
pellucidity+2: lucid 
pelt+1: material 
pelt+2: throw 
pen+1: compile 
pen+2: facilities 
penalty+1: expenditure 
penalty+2: fact 
pencil+1: draw 
pencil+2: tool 
penitent+1: human 
penitent+2: repent 
penny+1: money 
penny+2: Unit 
pensive+1: careful 
pensive+2: think 
pepper+1: material 
pepper+2: plant 
perambulator+1: human 
perambulator+2: LandVehicle 
perceive+1: cherish 
perceive+2: perception 
percent+1: cardinal 
percent+2: Rate 
percept+1: emotion 
percept+2: perception 
perch+1: fish 
perch+2: reside 
percolation+1: fact 
percolation+2: filter 
perdurable+1: durable 
perdurable+2: permanent 
peremptorily+1: autocratic 
peremptorily+2: NotSensible 
peremptory+1: autocratic 
peremptory+2: NotSensible 
perfectly+1: BestQuality 
perfectly+2: complete 
perfervid+1: ardent 
perfervid+2: passionate 
perforate+1: split 
perforate+2: stab 
perforation+1: location 
perforation+2: phenomena 
perforator+1: human 
perforator+2: tool 
perform+1: conduct 
perform+2: perform 
performance+1: perform 
performance+2: Performance 
perfunctorily+1: careless 
perfunctorily+2: habitual 
perfunctory+1: careless 
perfunctory+2: superficial 
peril+1: Circumstances 
peril+2: mishap 
periodical+1: publications 
periodical+2: regular 
periodicity+1: Frequency 
periodicity+2: time 
peripheral+1: external 
peripheral+2: part 
perish+1: destroy 
perish+2: perish 
perjury+1: express 
perjury+2: fact 
permeate+1: GoThrough 
permeate+2: influence 
permission+1: agree 
permission+2: ExpressAgreement 
perplex+1: ignorant 
perplex+2: ize 
perplexity+1: confuse 
perplexity+2: ignorant 
perseverance+1: aspiration 
perseverance+2: resolute 
persevere+1: keep 
persevere+2: obey 
perseverence+1: resolute 
perseverence+2: Resoluteness 
persevering+1: constant 
persevering+2: resolute 
perseveringly+1: constant 
perseveringly+2: resolute 
Persian+1: language 
Persian+2: RelatingToCountry 
persist+1: GoOn 
persist+2: keep 
persistence+1: aspiration 
persistence+2: GoOn 
persistency+1: aspiration 
persistency+2: Resoluteness 
persistent+1: constant 
persistent+2: resolute 
persistently+1: constant 
persistently+2: resolute 
person+1: human 
person+2: Property 
personal+1: private 
personal+2: Property 
personality+1: Behavior 
personality+2: Generality 
personification+1: ize 
personification+2: thing 
perspective+1: Prospect 
perspective+2: standpoint 
perspicuity+1: lucid 
perspicuity+2: Lucidity 
perspiration+1: excrement 
perspiration+2: excrete 
persuasion+1: Ability 
persuasion+2: persuade 
pertain+1: BeMember 
pertain+2: relate 
pertinacious+1: resolute 
pertinacious+2: stubborn 
pertinence+1: Pertinence 
pertinence+2: proper 
perusal+1: discuss 
perusal+2: read 
Peruvian+1: human 
Peruvian+2: RelatingToCountry 
pervade+1: disperse 
pervade+2: exist 
perversity+1: abnormal 
perversity+2: emotion 
pest+1: human 
pest+2: InsectWorm 
pet+1: livestock 
pet+2: stroke 
petulant+1: BadTemper 
petulant+2: uneasy 
phalanx+1: community 
phalanx+2: part 
phantasm+1: experience 
phantasm+2: image 
pharmacokinetics+1: fact 
pharmacokinetics+2: knowledge 
pharmacy+1: InstitutePlace 
pharmacy+2: knowledge 
phenomenal+1: fantastic 
phenomenal+2: phenomena 
philharmonic+1: community 
philharmonic+2: FondOf 
philistine+1: human 
philistine+2: vulgar 
philosophic+1: knowledge 
philosophic+2: optimistic 
philosophical+1: knowledge 
philosophical+2: optimistic 
philosophy+1: knowledge 
philosophy+2: reason 
Phoenix+1: celestial 
Phoenix+2: place 
phone+1: communicate 
phone+2: tool 
phoney+1: fake 
phoney+2: human 
phonography+1: character 
phonography+2: express 
phony+1: fake 
phony+2: human 
photocopy+1: document 
photocopy+2: print 
photograph+1: image 
photograph+2: TakePicture 
photomap+1: image 
photomap+2: produce 
phrase+1: expression 
phrase+2: speak 
phraseology+1: expression 
phraseology+2: use 
physically+1: AttachmentValue 
physically+2: FuncWord 
physique+1: Form 
physique+2: Physique 
pickle+1: cook 
pickle+2: food 
pickles+1: food 
pickles+2: vegetable 
pickpocket+1: human 
pickpocket+2: steal 
pickup+1: LandVehicle 
pickup+2: part 
picnic+1: eat 
picnic+2: fact 
pictorial+1: image 
pictorial+2: publications 
piddle+1: excrement 
piddle+2: excrete 
pier+1: facilities 
pier+2: part 
pierce+1: GoThrough 
pierce+2: stab 
piercingly+1: cacophonic 
piercingly+2: shrill 
pigeonhole+1: classify 
pigeonhole+2: tool 
pigment+1: material 
pigment+2: part 
pill+1: medicine 
pill+2: shape 
pillage+1: artifact 
pillage+2: rob 
pillar+1: human 
pillar+2: part 
pillow+1: part 
pillow+2: tool 
pimento+1: part 
pimento+2: vegetable 
pimiento+1: part 
pimiento+2: vegetable 
pimp+1: entice 
pimp+2: human 
pincers+1: part 
pincers+2: tool 
pine+1: expect 
pine+2: tree 
pineapple+1: fruit 
pineapple+2: tree 
pinewood+1: tree 
pinewood+2: wood 
pinpoint+1: accurate 
pinpoint+2: check 
pipe+1: tool 
pipe+2: transport 
piss+1: excrement 
piss+2: excrete 
pistachio+1: fruit 
pistachio+2: tree 
pistol+1: firing 
pistol+2: weapon 
pitcher+1: human 
pitcher+2: tool 
pitfall+1: facilities 
pitfall+2: mishap 
pithily+1: concise 
pithily+2: refined 
pithy+1: concise 
pithy+2: refined 
pitiable+1: able 
pitiable+2: miserable 
pitiful+1: able 
pitiful+2: miserable 
pitifully+1: able 
pitifully+2: miserable 
pitiless+1: benevolent 
pitiless+2: fierce 
pity+1: emotion 
pity+2: pity 
placement+1: location 
placement+2: put 
placental+1: AnimalHuman 
placental+2: disease 
placid+1: gentle 
placid+2: peaceful 
placidity+1: gentle 
placidity+2: peaceful 
placidly+1: gentle 
placidly+2: peaceful 
plaguy+1: able 
plaguy+2: very 
plain+1: ugly 
plain+2: unattractive 
plainclothes+1: clothing 
plainclothes+2: human 
plainspoken+1: frank 
plainspoken+2: speak 
plait+1: part 
plait+2: tool 
planer+1: human 
planer+2: machine 
planter+1: human 
planter+2: machine 
planting+1: affairs 
planting+2: planting 
plaque+1: inanimate 
plaque+2: mark 
plastic+1: fact 
plastic+2: flexible 
platform+1: land 
platform+2: part 
playact+1: perform 
playact+2: RegardAs 
player+1: human 
player+2: tool 
pleasant+1: attractive 
pleasant+2: euphonious 
pleasantly+1: attractive 
pleasantly+2: happy 
please+1: FuncWord 
please+2: ize 
pleased+1: joyful 
pleased+2: satisfied 
pleasure+1: emotion 
pleasure+2: experience 
plenitude+1: many 
plenitude+2: sufficient 
plentiful+1: many 
plentiful+2: sufficient 
pliable+1: able 
pliable+2: flexible 
pliant+1: able 
pliant+2: flexible 
plight+1: Circumstances 
plight+2: swear 
plotting+1: draw 
plotting+2: plan 
plough+1: PutInOrder 
plough+2: tool 
plow+1: PutInOrder 
plow+2: VehicleGo 
plume+1: part 
plume+2: propose 
plummet+1: BecomeLess 
plummet+2: tool 
poach+1: catch 
poach+2: cook 
pocket+1: part 
pocket+2: tool 
pocketbook+1: account 
pocketbook+2: publications 
pod+1: part 
pod+2: reproduce 
point+1: time 
point+2: trace 
poise+1: Demeanor 
poise+2: part 
poisonous+1: poisonous 
poisonous+2: wicked 
poke+1: PlayWith 
poke+2: stab 
polar+1: cold 
polar+2: important 
polarity+1: Contrariness 
polarity+2: ize 
pole+1: part 
pole+2: shape 
Polish+1: human 
Polish+2: language 
polished+1: bright 
polished+2: gracious 
politeness+1: Courtesy 
politeness+2: polite 
poll+1: drop 
poll+2: fact 
polo+1: fact 
polo+2: SportTool 
poltroon+1: human 
poltroon+2: timid 
polygamy+1: phenomena 
polygamy+2: system 
Polynesian+1: human 
Polynesian+2: place 
polyphonic+1: character 
polyphonic+2: PropertyValue 
polytechnic+1: InstitutePlace 
polytechnic+2: knowledge 
pomade+1: apply 
pomade+2: tool 
pompadour+1: MakeUp 
pompadour+2: Pattern 
pompous+1: flighty 
pompous+2: insubstantial 
poncho+1: clothing 
poncho+2: material 
ponderous+1: heavy 
ponderous+2: NotQuick 
poniard+1: stab 
poniard+2: weapon 
poolroom+1: facilities 
poolroom+2: InstitutePlace 
poop+1: excrement 
poop+2: part 
pop+1: appear 
pop+2: music 
popular+1: famous 
popular+2: flourishing 
popularity+1: Popularity 
popularity+2: Reputation 
popularization+1: disseminate 
popularization+2: ize 
popularize+1: disseminate 
popularize+2: ize 
popularly+1: extensive 
popularly+2: popular 
population+1: Amount 
population+2: group 
porcelain+1: material 
porcelain+2: tool 
pore+1: part 
pore+2: PayAttention 
porn+1: affairs 
porn+2: text 
porno+1: affairs 
porno+2: readings 
pornography+1: affairs 
pornography+2: text 
port+1: facilities 
port+2: part 
portability+1: Ability 
portability+2: NotHeavy 
portable+1: able 
portable+2: PatternValue 
portal+1: InfoCarrier 
portal+2: location 
portentous+1: able 
portentous+2: boast 
portfolio+1: affairs 
portfolio+2: tool 
portly+1: fat 
portly+2: StatureTall 
portray+1: describe 
portray+2: draw 
portrayal+1: describe 
portrayal+2: text 
Portuguese+1: human 
Portuguese+2: language 
pose+1: put 
pose+2: show 
positive+1: Property 
positive+2: tool 
positively+1: positive 
positively+2: resolute 
possible+1: FuncWord 
possible+2: possible 
post+1: post 
post+2: record 
postbox+1: facilities 
postbox+2: tool 
posthaste+1: fast 
posthaste+2: urgent 
postmortem+1: check 
postmortem+2: fact 
postulate+1: information 
postulate+2: propose 
postulation+1: information 
postulation+2: RegardAs 
posture+1: Behavior 
posture+2: Circumstances 
pot+1: medicine 
pot+2: tool 
potable+1: able 
potable+2: drinks 
potato+1: part 
potato+2: vegetable 
potency+1: Ability 
potency+2: Strength 
potential+1: Ability 
potential+2: possible 
pother+1: bustling 
pother+2: upset 
Potomac+1: place 
Potomac+2: waters 
potpourri+1: music 
potpourri+2: thing 
pottery+1: InstitutePlace 
pottery+2: material 
potty+1: potty 
potty+2: tool 
pouch+1: part 
pouch+2: tool 
pour+1: jet 
pour+2: spray 
powder+1: shape 
powder+2: tool 
power+1: symbol 
power+2: TurnOn 
powerful+1: powerful 
powerful+2: strong 
powerless+1: powerless 
powerless+2: unable 
practicability+1: Ability 
practicability+2: Effectivity 
practical+1: possible 
practical+2: substantial 
practicality+1: Ability 
practicality+2: Effectivity 
practically+1: almost 
practically+2: substantial 
practise+1: conduct 
practise+2: drill 
practised+1: able 
practised+2: drill 
praise+1: praise 
praise+2: text 
praiseful+1: able 
praiseful+2: praise 
prance+1: jump 
prance+2: walk 
prate+1: human 
prate+2: speak 
pray+1: recite 
pray+2: request 
precarious+1: dangerous 
precarious+2: peaceful 
precede+1: ExistAppear 
precede+2: guide 
precedence+1: BestQuality 
precedence+2: enjoy 
precept+1: regulation 
precept+2: thinking 
precipitance+1: BadTemper 
precipitance+2: Graduality 
precipitate+1: GoDown 
precipitate+2: physical 
precipitous+1: steep 
precipitous+2: threatening 
precisely+1: accurate 
precisely+2: FuncWord 
preclusion+1: remove 
preclusion+2: restrain 
precognition+1: know 
precognition+2: thought 
precondition+1: aspiration 
precondition+2: cause 
predator+1: animal 
predator+2: human 
predestinarian+1: human 
predestinarian+2: knowledge 
predestined+1: happen 
predestined+2: intimate 
predetermination+1: decide 
predetermination+2: happen 
predicate+1: part 
predicate+2: speak 
prediction+1: predict 
prediction+2: text 
predomination+1: Advantage 
predomination+2: manage 
preeminent+1: able 
preeminent+2: BestQuality 
preferably+1: FuncWord 
preferably+2: suitable 
preference+1: rights 
preference+2: willing 
prefix+1: include 
prefix+2: part 
pregnancy+1: fact 
pregnancy+2: pregnant 
pregnant+1: pregnant 
pregnant+2: profound 
prejudice+1: damage 
prejudice+2: thought 
preliminary+1: elementary 
preliminary+2: fact 
prelude+1: music 
prelude+2: part 
premature+1: early 
premature+2: ripe 
premeditated+1: idle 
premeditated+2: intentional 
premiere+1: display 
premiere+2: fact 
premonition+1: experience 
premonition+2: information 
preoccupancy+1: absentminded 
preoccupancy+2: occupy 
preoccupation+1: affairs 
preoccupation+2: Attitude 
preparation+1: medicine 
preparation+2: prepare 
prepare+1: cook 
prepare+2: prepare 
preponderance+1: Advantage 
preponderance+2: Power 
preponderancy+1: Advantage 
preponderancy+2: Power 
prepossessing+1: attractive 
prepossessing+2: teach 
prepotency+1: Advantage 
prepotency+2: Power 
prerequisite+1: aspiration 
prerequisite+2: cause 
presage+1: information 
presage+2: mean 
preschool+1: InstitutePlace 
preschool+2: time 
prescribe+1: delimit 
prescribe+2: write 
present+1: submit 
present+2: time 
preservation+1: keep 
preservation+2: SetAside 
preserve+1: keep 
preserve+2: SetAside 
presidency+1: Occupation 
presidency+2: TimeLength 
pressing+1: busy 
pressing+2: SqueezeOut 
pressure+1: Strength 
pressure+2: Urgency 
prestige+1: Ability 
prestige+2: Power 
pretend+1: deceive 
pretend+2: pretend 
pretentious+1: pretend 
pretentious+2: PropertyValue 
prettify+1: beautify 
prettify+2: MakeBetter 
pretty+1: beautiful 
pretty+2: ish 
prevarication+1: HideTruth 
prevarication+2: vague 
previse+1: know 
previse+2: persuade 
prevision+1: know 
prevision+2: thought 
pride+1: arrogant 
pride+2: emotion 
priggish+1: arrogant 
priggish+2: stiff 
prim+1: MakeUp 
prim+2: stiff 
primal+1: original 
primal+2: StageEarly 
primarily+1: important 
primarily+2: primary 
Primates+1: group 
Primates+2: Kind 
prime+1: important 
prime+2: time 
primer+1: material 
primer+2: readings 
primeval+1: original 
primeval+2: past 
primitive+1: human 
primitive+2: past 
principal+1: human 
principal+2: important 
principled+1: righteous 
principled+2: strict 
printer+1: human 
printer+2: tool 
printing+1: colored 
printing+2: print 
prior+1: early 
prior+2: past 
prioritise+1: arrange 
prioritise+2: CauseToDo 
prioritize+1: arrange 
prioritize+2: CauseToDo 
prism+1: shape 
prism+2: tool 
prismatic+1: colored 
prismatic+2: tool 
prissy+1: cautious 
prissy+2: stiff 
privacy+1: Content 
privacy+2: fact 
private+1: covert 
private+2: human 
privately+1: covert 
privately+2: private 
privateness+1: fact 
privateness+2: Publicity 
privy+1: inactive 
privy+2: private 
prize+1: like 
prize+2: tool 
pro+1: human 
pro+2: intimate 
probably+1: able 
probably+2: FuncWord 
probation+1: check 
probation+2: delay 
probe+1: investigate 
probe+2: part 
procedure+1: process 
procedure+2: Sequence 
proceed+1: GoForward 
proceed+2: GoOn 
process+1: handle 
process+2: process 
procession+1: fact 
procession+2: GoForward 
proclamation+1: announce 
proclamation+2: text 
procure+1: earn 
procure+2: entice 
prod+1: irritate 
prod+2: touch 
prodigal+1: extravagant 
prodigal+2: human 
prodigality+1: extravagant 
prodigality+2: lavish 
prodigy+1: human 
prodigy+2: phenomena 
product+1: artifact 
product+2: result 
production+1: create 
production+2: produce 
proffer+1: provide 
proffer+2: text 
proficient+1: able 
proficient+2: qualified 
profitable+1: able 
profitable+2: PropertyValue 
profitless+1: disadvantageous 
profitless+2: impossible 
profligacy+1: lascivious 
profligacy+2: lavish 
profligate+1: extravagant 
profligate+2: human 
profoundly+1: GreaterThanNormal 
profoundly+2: profound 
profusely+1: exuberant 
profusely+2: resolute 
profuseness+1: Amount 
profuseness+2: many 
profusion+1: Amount 
profusion+2: many 
prognostic+1: able 
prognostic+2: information 
prognostication+1: information 
prognostication+2: predict 
program+1: shows 
program+2: software 
progress+1: fact 
progress+2: process 
progression+1: BecomeMore 
progression+2: GoForward 
prohibition+1: law 
prohibition+2: prohibit 
projectile+1: shoot 
projectile+2: weapon 
projection+1: display 
projection+2: plans 
projector+1: human 
projector+2: machine 
proletarian+1: community 
proletarian+2: human 
proliferate+1: disperse 
proliferate+2: reproduce 
proliferation+1: disperse 
proliferation+2: ill 
prolong+1: AlterMeasurement 
prolong+2: delay 
prolongation+1: AlterMeasurement 
prolongation+2: delay 
prolonged+1: delay 
prolonged+2: TimeLong 
prolusion+1: exercise 
prolusion+2: part 
prominent+1: fantastic 
prominent+2: important 
prominently+1: fantastic 
prominently+2: important 
promiscuous+1: improper 
promiscuous+2: mix 
promise+1: announce 
promise+2: text 
promote+1: upgrade 
promote+2: urge 
prompt+1: symbol 
prompt+2: tell 
prone+1: AptTo 
prone+2: LieDown 
pronunciation+1: MakeSound 
pronunciation+2: sound 
prop+1: PropUp 
prop+2: tool 
propagandist+1: disseminate 
propagandist+2: human 
propagate+1: disseminate 
propagate+2: reproduce 
propagation+1: disseminate 
propagation+2: reproduce 
propellant+1: material 
propellant+2: urge 
propensity+1: aspiration 
propensity+2: Prospect 
prophecy+1: Ability 
prophecy+2: text 
prophesy+1: announce 
prophesy+2: predict 
prophylactic+1: able 
prophylactic+2: medicine 
propitiousness+1: auspicious 
propitiousness+2: Fate 
proportion+1: fit 
proportion+2: Rate 
proportionate+1: balanced 
proportionate+2: suitable 
proposal+1: propose 
proposal+2: text 
proposition+1: text 
proposition+2: thinking 
proprietary+1: AttachmentValue 
proprietary+2: rights 
prorogue+1: cease 
prorogue+2: delay 
prosecute+1: accuse 
prosecute+2: engage 
prosody+1: knowledge 
prosody+2: Pattern 
prosperity+1: flourishing 
prosperity+2: prosper 
prosperous+1: flourishing 
prosperous+2: prosper 
prostitute+1: engage 
prostitute+2: human 
prostrate+1: FallDown 
prostrate+2: LieDown 
prostration+1: decline 
prostration+2: LieDown 
protect+1: defend 
protect+2: protect 
protective+1: able 
protective+2: method 
proteinuria+1: disease 
proteinuria+2: phenomena 
Protestantism+1: community 
Protestantism+2: system 
protract+1: AlterMeasurement 
protract+2: delay 
protrude+1: FormChange 
protrude+2: PartSelfMove 
protrusion+1: CausePartMove 
protrusion+2: FormChange 
protuberance+1: disease 
protuberance+2: Form 
proud+1: arrogant 
proud+2: cherish 
proudly+1: arrogant 
proudly+2: cherish 
provide+1: delimit 
provide+2: provide 
provided+1: FuncWord 
provided+2: provide 
Providence+1: humanized 
Providence+2: place 
provincial+1: AttachmentValue 
provincial+2: place 
provocation+1: incite 
provocation+2: incur 
provocative+1: able 
provocative+2: physical 
proximate+1: alike 
proximate+2: near 
Prussian+1: human 
Prussian+2: place 
PS+1: FuncWord 
PS+2: part 
pseudomorph+1: Form 
pseudomorph+2: phenomena 
psychotic+1: disease 
psychotic+2: human 
Pu+1: place 
Pu+2: surname 
public+1: human 
public+2: public 
publication+1: announce 
publication+2: publications 
publicity+1: announce 
publicity+2: disseminate 
publicize+1: announce 
publicize+2: disseminate 
publish+1: announce 
publish+2: publish 
puddle+1: excrete 
puddle+2: waters 
puffy+1: fat 
puffy+2: loose 
puke+1: human 
puke+2: vomit 
pull+1: Intimacy 
pull+2: pull 
pullback+1: GoBackward 
pullback+2: tool 
pulp+1: material 
pulp+2: part 
pulverize+1: bump 
pulverize+2: FormChange 
pump+1: inhale 
pump+2: tool 
pumpkin+1: part 
pumpkin+2: vegetable 
pun+1: speak 
pun+2: text 
punctuality+1: punctual 
punctuality+2: Punctuality 
punctuate+1: draw 
punctuate+2: obstruct 
puncture+1: fact 
puncture+2: location 
pungent+1: peppery 
pungent+2: TasteStrong 
punishment+1: fact 
punishment+2: punish 
Punjabi+1: human 
Punjabi+2: language 
pup+1: animal 
pup+2: reproduce 
puppet+1: human 
puppet+2: tool 
pure+1: pure 
pure+2: spotless 
purge+1: discharge 
purge+2: wash 
purport+1: announce 
purport+2: part 
purpose+1: purpose 
purpose+2: Role 
purr+1: MakeSound 
purr+2: sound 
pursue+1: engage 
pursue+2: LookFor 
push+1: push 
push+2: Strength 
put+1: provide 
put+2: put 
putrid+1: OutOfOrder 
putrid+2: stinky 
putty+1: apply 
putty+2: material 
puzzle+1: ignorant 
puzzle+2: MakeMisunderstand 
pyramid+1: facilities 
pyramid+2: shape 
Qatar+1: place 
Qatar+2: RelatingToCountry 
Qatari+1: human 
Qatari+2: RelatingToCountry 
Qi+1: place 
Qi+2: surname 
Qu+1: place 
Qu+2: surname 
quadrangle+1: building 
quadrangle+2: image 
quadruple+1: many 
quadruple+2: square 
quadruplicate+1: ActUnitValue 
quadruplicate+2: add 
quagmire+1: Circumstances 
quagmire+2: waters 
quail+1: bird 
quail+2: fear 
quaint+1: gracious 
quaint+2: queer 
quake+1: mishap 
quake+2: shiver 
qualification+1: describe 
qualification+2: Standard 
qualified+1: able 
qualified+2: qualified 
qualify+1: describe 
qualify+2: ize 
quantum+1: Amount 
quantum+2: part 
quarantine+1: fact 
quarantine+2: separate 
quarrel+1: fact 
quarrel+2: quarrel 
quarry+1: dig 
quarry+2: facilities 
quarterly+1: FrequencyValue 
quarterly+2: publications 
quartet+1: fact 
quartet+2: human 
quash+1: defeat 
quash+2: remove 
quaver+1: shiver 
quaver+2: sound 
queerness+1: Habit 
queerness+2: queer 
quench+1: disappear 
quench+2: moisten 
querulous+1: BadTemper 
querulous+2: debate 
querulousness+1: BadTemper 
querulousness+2: ExpressDissatisfaction 
query+1: ask 
query+2: doubt 
quest+1: chase 
quest+2: seek 
question+1: interrogate 
question+2: text 
queue+1: shape 
queue+2: stand 
quick+1: fast 
quick+2: nimble 
quickly+1: fast 
quickly+2: nimble 
quickness+1: fast 
quickness+2: Quickwittedness 
quickstep+1: recreation 
quickstep+2: shows 
quid+1: expenditure 
quid+2: physical 
quiescence+1: change 
quiescence+2: quiet 
quiescency+1: change 
quiescency+2: quiet 
quietness+1: peaceful 
quietness+2: quiet 
quill+1: part 
quill+2: tool 
quintessence+1: human 
quintessence+2: part 
quip+1: mock 
quip+2: text 
quirk+1: Habit 
quirk+2: text 
quisling+1: betray 
quisling+2: human 
quiver+1: shiver 
quiver+2: tool 
quiz+1: exam 
quiz+2: fact 
quotation+1: part 
quotation+2: Price 
quotient+1: result 
quotient+2: symbol 
rabbit+1: beast 
rabbit+2: livestock 
racer+1: human 
racer+2: SportTool 
raciness+1: interesting 
raciness+2: vulgar 
racing+1: compete 
racing+2: fact 
racist+1: human 
racist+2: system 
racket+1: cry 
racket+2: SportTool 
racketeer+1: cheat 
racketeer+2: human 
radiance+1: Brightness 
radiance+2: lights 
radiant+1: illuminate 
radiant+2: magnificent 
radiate+1: AlterMeasurement 
radiate+2: illuminate 
radiation+1: fact 
radiation+2: illuminate 
radioactivity+1: Performance 
radioactivity+2: Strength 
radiogram+1: image 
radiogram+2: letter 
radiograph+1: forming 
radiograph+2: image 
radish+1: part 
radish+2: vegetable 
raft+1: ship 
raft+2: TakeVehicle 
rag+1: material 
rag+2: tease 
ragged+1: coarse 
ragged+2: incomplete 
raging+1: angry 
raging+2: strong 
railroad+1: institution 
railroad+2: route 
railway+1: institution 
railway+2: route 
rainfall+1: Amount 
rainfall+2: Circumstances 
raise+1: ProvideFor 
raise+2: start 
rally+1: fact 
rally+2: urge 
ramble+1: roam 
ramble+2: TalkNonsense 
rambling+1: interrupted 
rambling+2: unattached 
ramified+1: become 
ramified+2: netlike 
ramify+1: become 
ramify+2: FormChange 
ramp+1: part 
ramp+2: tool 
rampart+1: defend 
rampart+2: facilities 
randomly+1: rash 
randomly+2: unintentional 
rank+1: situated 
rank+2: Status 
ransom+1: expenditure 
ransom+2: redeem 
rant+1: cry 
rant+2: text 
rapacious+1: acquisitive 
rapacious+2: HabitValue 
rapacity+1: aspiration 
rapacity+2: rob 
rapid+1: fast 
rapid+2: water 
raptorial+1: beast 
raptorial+2: HabitValue 
rapture+1: FondOf 
rapture+2: joyful 
rarefy+1: ize 
rarefy+2: watery 
rareness+1: rarely 
rareness+2: watery 
rascality+1: Behavior 
rascality+2: fact 
rash+1: phenomena 
rash+2: rash 
rashness+1: act 
rashness+2: Cautiousness 
rather+1: FuncWord 
rather+2: ish 
ration+1: Amount 
ration+2: delimit 
rattan+1: PropertyValue 
rattan+2: tree 
rattle+1: MakeSound 
rattle+2: shake 
rattling+1: nimble 
rattling+2: sound 
ravage+1: damage 
ravage+2: destroy 
ravine+1: land 
ravine+2: waters 
ravish+1: mating 
ravish+2: rob 
ravishment+1: mating 
ravishment+2: rob 
raw+1: cold 
raw+2: crude 
ray+1: fish 
ray+2: lights 
reaction+1: fact 
reaction+2: respond 
reactionary+1: human 
reactionary+2: regressive 
reactionist+1: human 
reactionist+2: regressive 
reactive+1: respond 
reactive+2: strong 
read+1: read 
read+2: study 
readable+1: able 
readable+2: easy 
reader+1: human 
reader+2: readings 
readily+1: easy 
readily+2: unintentional 
readiness+1: Readiness 
readiness+2: willing 
readings+1: InfoElement 
readings+2: readings 
realistically+1: possible 
realistically+2: substantial 
realization+1: fulfil 
realization+2: understand 
realize+1: fulfil 
realize+2: understand 
really+1: FuncWord 
really+2: true 
realm+1: Circumstances 
realm+2: part 
rear+1: part 
rear+2: place 
rearrange+1: arrange 
rearrange+2: compile 
reasonable+1: proper 
reasonable+2: reasonable 
reasonableness+1: reasonable 
reasonableness+2: Reasonableness 
reasonably+1: proper 
reasonably+2: reasonable 
reasonless+1: BadTemper 
reasonless+2: unreasonable 
rebel+1: human 
rebel+2: uprise 
rebellion+1: fact 
rebellion+2: uprise 
rebellious+1: able 
rebellious+2: FondOf 
rebuff+1: expel 
rebuff+2: reject 
recall+1: LookBack 
recall+2: request 
recant+1: abandon 
recant+2: betray 
receipts+1: payment 
receipts+2: wealth 
receiver+1: human 
receiver+2: tool 
receptacle+1: fittings 
receptacle+2: part 
recession+1: decline 
recession+2: GoBackward 
recipient+1: human 
recipient+2: tool 
reciprocal+1: advantageous 
reciprocal+2: EachOther 
reciprocate+1: recompense 
reciprocate+2: respond 
reciprocation+1: exchange 
reciprocation+2: recompense 
reciprocity+1: Advantage 
reciprocity+2: equal 
recital+1: perform 
recital+2: recite 
recitation+1: explain 
recitation+2: recite 
recite+1: explain 
recite+2: recite 
reckless+1: careless 
reckless+2: rash 
recklessly+1: careless 
recklessly+2: rash 
reclaim+1: cultivate 
reclaim+2: resume 
reclamation+1: collect 
reclamation+2: cultivate 
recline+1: CauseToMoveInDirection 
recline+2: LieDown 
recluse+1: human 
recluse+2: lonely 
recognise+1: admit 
recognise+2: distinguish 
recommend+1: propose 
recommend+2: recommend 
recommendation+1: recommend 
recommendation+2: text 
recompense+1: payment 
recompense+2: recompense 
reconcile+1: mediate 
reconcile+2: reconcile 
reconciliation+1: mediate 
reconciliation+2: reconcile 
reconditeness+1: Abstruseness 
reconditeness+2: profound 
reconnaissance+1: investigate 
reconnaissance+2: scout 
reconnoitre+1: investigate 
reconnoitre+2: scout 
record+1: record 
record+2: text 
recover+1: resume 
recover+2: TakeBack 
recovery+1: resume 
recovery+2: TakeBack 
recreant+1: human 
recreant+2: timid 
recreation+1: recreation 
recreation+2: WhileAway 
rectification+1: amend 
rectification+2: control 
rectitude+1: Rectitude 
rectitude+2: righteous 
recuperation+1: BeRecovered 
recuperation+2: maintain 
recur+1: happen 
recur+2: SufferFrom 
recurrence+1: happen 
recurrence+2: SufferFrom 
recycle+1: collect 
recycle+2: use 
rede+1: estimate 
rede+2: persuade 
redeye+1: aircraft 
redeye+2: angry 
redouble+1: add 
redouble+2: BecomeMore 
redound+1: benefit 
redound+2: urge 
redress+1: amend 
redress+2: expenditure 
reducer+1: chemical 
reducer+2: human 
redundance+1: redundant 
redundance+2: thing 
redundant+1: redundant 
redundant+2: surplus 
reduplicate+1: again 
reduplicate+2: repeat 
reduplication+1: phenomena 
reduplication+2: repeat 
reef+1: land 
reef+2: stone 
reek+1: CloudMist 
reek+2: Odor 
reel+1: shape 
reel+2: turn 
reenact+1: happen 
reenact+2: perform 
refer+1: mean 
refer+2: read 
referable+1: able 
referable+2: ResultFrom 
reference+1: letter 
reference+2: read 
refined+1: couth 
refined+2: gracious 
reflect+1: illuminate 
reflect+2: mean 
reflection+1: think 
reflection+2: trace 
reflective+1: careful 
reflective+2: think 
reflex+1: illuminate 
reflex+2: phenomena 
reformatory+1: improve 
reformatory+2: InstitutePlace 
reformist+1: human 
reformist+2: thinking 
refrain+1: GiveUp 
refrain+2: music 
refresh+1: replace 
refresh+2: wash 
refreshing+1: happy 
refreshing+2: new 
refreshment+1: edible 
refreshment+2: frank 
refrigerant+1: cool 
refrigerant+2: material 
refrigeratory+1: cool 
refrigeratory+2: tool 
refuge+1: escape 
refuge+2: InstitutePlace 
refusal+1: refuse 
refusal+2: reject 
refuse+1: refuse 
refuse+2: reject 
refutation+1: ExpressAgainst 
refutation+2: refute 
refute+1: ExpressAgainst 
refute+2: refute 
regain+1: BeRecovered 
regain+2: collect 
regenerate+1: BeRecovered 
regenerate+2: resume 
regimen+1: Circumstances 
regimen+2: plans 
regional+1: local 
regional+2: place 
register+1: record 
register+2: tell 
registration+1: record 
registration+2: tell 
registry+1: account 
registry+2: location 
regorge+1: GoBackward 
regorge+2: vomit 
regression+1: BeRecovered 
regression+2: decline 
regressive+1: GoBack 
regressive+2: PropertyValue 
regularise+1: delimit 
regularise+2: ize 
regularity+1: Behavior 
regularity+2: GeoRegularity 
regularize+1: delimit 
regularize+2: ize 
regulate+1: adjust 
regulate+2: delimit 
regulation+1: adjust 
regulation+2: delimit 
regulator+1: human 
regulator+2: tool 
regurgitate+1: flow 
regurgitate+2: vomit 
regurgitation+1: flow 
regurgitation+2: vomit 
rehabilitate+1: BeRecovered 
rehabilitate+2: resume 
rehearse+1: drill 
rehearse+2: perform 
reign+1: manage 
reign+2: undertake 
reimburse+1: recompense 
reimburse+2: return 
rein+1: CeaseCauseTOMove 
rein+2: control 
reinstate+1: employ 
reinstate+2: resume 
reiterate+1: explain 
reiterate+2: repeat 
reject+1: reject 
reject+2: remove 
rejection+1: reject 
rejection+2: remove 
rejuvenation+1: BeRecovered 
rejuvenation+2: resume 
relapse+1: BeRecovered 
relapse+2: SufferFrom 
relate+1: connect 
relate+2: explain 
relation+1: explain 
relation+2: Pertinence 
relative+1: human 
relative+2: insufficiently 
relativistic+1: knowledge 
relativistic+2: PropertyValue 
relativity+1: Degree 
relativity+2: knowledge 
relay+1: disseminate 
relay+2: fact 
releaser+1: human 
releaser+2: tool 
relegate+1: degrade 
relegate+2: SelfMove 
relent+1: ize 
relent+2: surrender 
relevance+1: Pertinence 
relevance+2: relate 
reliable+1: faithful 
reliable+2: reliable 
relic+1: artifact 
relic+2: tool 
religion+1: community 
religion+2: system 
relinquish+1: abandon 
relinquish+2: cease 
relish+1: enjoy 
relish+2: Interest 
reluctantly+1: grudge 
reluctantly+2: inactive 
remain+1: exist 
remain+2: GoOn 
remaining+1: AmountValue 
remaining+2: redundant 
remains+1: stay 
remains+2: trace 
remark+1: estimate 
remark+2: text 
remarkably+1: extraordinary 
remarkably+2: fantastic 
remarriage+1: GetMarried 
remarriage+2: MarryTo 
remarry+1: GetMarried 
remarry+2: MarryTo 
remedy+1: amend 
remedy+2: medicine 
remember+1: commemorate 
remember+2: remember 
remembrance+1: Ability 
remembrance+2: commemorate 
reminiscence+1: LookBack 
reminiscence+2: text 
remiss+1: despise 
remiss+2: slack 
remission+1: exempt 
remission+2: money 
remnant+1: AmountValue 
remnant+2: part 
remonstrate+1: persuade 
remonstrate+2: protest 
remotely+1: far 
remotely+2: TimeLong 
remoteness+1: far 
remoteness+2: unsociable 
removal+1: remove 
removal+2: TakeAway 
remove+1: remove 
remove+2: TakeAway 
rencounter+1: fact 
rencounter+2: fight 
rend+1: FormChange 
rend+2: split 
render+1: CauseToDo 
render+2: provide 
renounce+1: abandon 
renounce+2: betray 
rent+1: payment 
rent+2: Price 
rental+1: borrow 
rental+2: expenditure 
reopen+1: begin 
reopen+2: start 
repair+1: doctor 
repair+2: repair 
repay+1: recompense 
repay+2: return 
repeated+1: again 
repeated+2: continuous 
repeatedly+1: ActUnit 
repeatedly+2: again 
repellency+1: discharge 
repellency+2: Performance 
repellent+1: able 
repellent+2: discharge 
repercussion+1: GoBackward 
repercussion+2: result 
repertory+1: facilities 
repertory+2: shows 
repetition+1: repeat 
repetition+2: speak 
replete+1: CauseToDo 
replete+2: CauseToExist 
repose+1: maintain 
repose+2: put 
represent+1: explain 
represent+2: mean 
representation+1: explain 
representation+2: mark 
repress+1: defeat 
repress+2: restrain 
reprint+1: artifact 
reprint+2: print 
reprocess+1: produce 
reprocess+2: use 
republic+1: place 
republic+2: system 
republication+1: print 
republication+2: publish 
repudiate+1: deny 
repudiate+2: estimate 
repudiation+1: deny 
repudiation+2: estimate 
repugnance+1: discordant 
repugnance+2: Uniformity 
repugnant+1: able 
repugnant+2: discordant 
repute+1: become 
repute+2: Reputation 
request+1: aspiration 
request+2: information 
require+1: need 
require+2: request 
requirement+1: Amount 
requirement+2: aspiration 
requisite+1: artifact 
requisite+2: aspiration 
requital+1: recompense 
requital+2: return 
requite+1: recompense 
requite+2: revenge 
resemblance+1: BeSimilar 
resemblance+2: Similarity 
resent+1: blame 
resent+2: hate 
resentful+1: angry 
resentful+2: hate 
reservation+1: fact 
reservation+2: place 
reserve+1: place 
reserve+2: PropertyValue 
reserved+1: cautious 
reserved+2: store 
resident+1: human 
resident+2: permanent 
residue+1: part 
residue+2: symbol 
resilient+1: durable 
resilient+2: flexible 
resist+1: disobey 
resist+2: resist 
resistance+1: Strength 
resistance+2: withstand 
resonate+1: MakeSound 
resonate+2: phenomena 
resort+1: method 
resort+2: place 
resound+1: MakeSound 
resound+2: praise 
resoundingly+1: loud 
resoundingly+2: strong 
resources+1: material 
resources+2: wealth 
resow+1: CatchUp 
resow+2: planting 
respect+1: emotion 
respect+2: part 
respectable+1: decent 
respectable+2: glorious 
respiratory+1: part 
respiratory+2: respire 
respond+1: reply 
respond+2: respond 
response+1: fact 
response+2: respond 
restful+1: peaceful 
restful+2: quiet 
restitution+1: expenditure 
restitution+2: return 
restless+1: rash 
restless+2: uneasy 
restoration+1: BeRecovered 
restoration+2: resume 
restorative+1: able 
restorative+2: physical 
restore+1: BeRecovered 
restore+2: resume 
restraint+1: fact 
restraint+2: restrain 
restrict+1: delimit 
restrict+2: restrain 
restriction+1: Boundary 
restriction+2: delimit 
resume+1: document 
resume+2: resume 
resumption+1: BeRecovered 
resumption+2: resume 
resuscitate+1: awake 
resuscitate+2: BeRecovered 
resuscitation+1: awake 
resuscitation+2: BeRecovered 
retail+1: affairs 
retail+2: sell 
retain+1: GoOn 
retain+2: keep 
retaliate+1: attack 
retaliate+2: revenge 
retard+1: delay 
retard+2: obstruct 
retention+1: keep 
retention+2: restrain 
retentive+1: able 
retentive+2: keep 
reticence+1: KeepSilence 
reticence+2: unsociable 
retort+1: refute 
retort+2: tool 
retouch+1: MakeBetter 
retouch+2: repair 
retract+1: CausePartMove 
retract+2: GoBackward 
retraction+1: deny 
retraction+2: remove 
retrench+1: economize 
retrench+2: shrink 
retrenchment+1: economize 
retrenchment+2: subtract 
retribution+1: fact 
retribution+2: revenge 
retrieval+1: collect 
retrieval+2: LookFor 
retrieve+1: collect 
retrieve+2: LookBack 
retroactive+1: able 
retroactive+2: Strength 
retrograde+1: BeRecovered 
retrograde+2: decline 
retrogress+1: BeRecovered 
retrogress+2: inferior 
retrogression+1: BeRecovered 
retrogression+2: inferior 
retry+1: interrogate 
retry+2: try 
return+1: route 
return+2: wealth 
reveal+1: exposure 
reveal+2: express 
revel+1: fact 
revel+2: indulge 
revelation+1: exposure 
revelation+2: knowledge 
revenue+1: expenditure 
revenue+2: wealth 
reverberate+1: MakeSound 
reverberate+2: respond 
reverberation+1: MakeSound 
reverberation+2: result 
reverent+1: earnest 
reverent+2: faithful 
reverie+1: phenomena 
reverie+2: thought 
reversal+1: deny 
reversal+2: MoveItBack 
reverse+1: roll 
reverse+2: turn 
reversed+1: backward 
reversed+2: roll 
reversion+1: BeRecovered 
reversion+2: reverse 
review+1: LookBack 
review+2: text 
revile+1: ExpressAgainst 
revile+2: slander 
revisionist+1: human 
revisionist+2: thinking 
revitalization+1: BeRecovered 
revitalization+2: resume 
revitalize+1: BeRecovered 
revitalize+2: resume 
revival+1: awake 
revival+2: BeRecovered 
revive+1: BeRecovered 
revive+2: resume 
revivify+1: BeRecovered 
revivify+2: MakeBetter 
revolt+1: CauseToDo 
revolt+2: fact 
revolutionary+1: human 
revolutionary+2: progressive 
revolver+1: part 
revolver+2: weapon 
rewrite+1: CatchUp 
rewrite+2: compile 
rhetoric+1: knowledge 
rhetoric+2: method 
Rhodesian+1: human 
Rhodesian+2: place 
rhythmical+1: proper 
rhythmical+2: regular 
ribald+1: lascivious 
ribald+2: vulgar 
ribbon+1: fittings 
ribbon+2: part 
rice+1: crop 
rice+2: food 
rich+1: rich 
rich+2: TasteStrong 
riches+1: treasure 
riches+2: wealth 
richly+1: fertile 
richly+2: many 
richness+1: Amount 
richness+2: Richness 
rickety+1: disease 
rickety+2: shaky 
ride+1: drive 
ride+2: sit 
riffle+1: read 
riffle+2: water 
rifle+1: part 
rifle+2: weapon 
rift+1: Intimacy 
rift+2: location 
rig+1: clothing 
rig+2: control 
righteousness+1: Behavior 
righteousness+2: righteous 
rightness+1: Correctness 
rightness+2: Properness 
rigid+1: hard 
rigid+2: stiff 
rigidity+1: Adaptability 
rigidity+2: stiff 
rigidly+1: hard 
rigidly+2: stiff 
rigorous+1: austere 
rigorous+2: severe 
rime+1: compile 
rime+2: ice 
ring+1: shape 
ring+2: tell 
ringlet+1: part 
ringlet+2: shape 
rinse+1: CauseToAppear 
rinse+2: wash 
riot+1: engage 
riot+2: fact 
riotous+1: chaotic 
riotous+2: exuberant 
rip+1: FormChange 
rip+2: split 
ripple+1: trace 
ripple+2: water 
rise+1: happen 
rise+2: leave 
risk+1: Circumstances 
risk+2: fact 
risky+1: dangerous 
risky+2: venture 
rite+1: Bearing 
rite+2: fact 
rival+1: equal 
rival+2: human 
riverside+1: land 
riverside+2: location 
rivet+1: fix 
rivet+2: part 
roadway+1: part 
roadway+2: route 
roam+1: look 
roam+2: roam 
roast+1: cook 
roast+2: dry 
robbery+1: fact 
robbery+2: rob 
rock+1: stone 
rock+2: wave 
rocket+1: aircraft 
rocket+2: BecomeMore 
rocky+1: AttachmentValue 
rocky+2: rugged 
rod+1: shape 
rod+2: tool 
roe+1: fish 
roe+2: part 
role+1: human 
role+2: Role 
Rolex+1: Name 
Rolex+2: tool 
roller+1: machine 
roller+2: part 
romaine+1: part 
romaine+2: vegetable 
Roman+1: human 
Roman+2: place 
Romanian+1: human 
Romanian+2: language 
romp+1: human 
romp+2: recreation 
room+1: house 
room+2: room 
roost+1: facilities 
roost+2: reside 
rooted+1: establish 
rooted+2: steady 
rooter+1: human 
rooter+2: tool 
rotate+1: replace 
rotate+2: rotate 
rotation+1: circulate 
rotation+2: replace 
rough+1: roughly 
rough+2: rugged 
roughly+1: careless 
roughly+2: FuncWord 
roundabout+1: curved 
roundabout+2: part 
rout+1: defeat 
rout+2: flee 
routine+1: fact 
routine+2: orthodox 
routinely+1: ordinary 
routinely+2: orthodox 
royalty+1: family 
royalty+2: payment 
Ru+1: metal 
Ru+2: surname 
rub+1: rub 
rub+2: wipe 
rubber+1: material 
rubber+2: tool 
rubberstamp+1: human 
rubberstamp+2: obey 
rubbish+1: expression 
rubbish+2: human 
rude+1: fierce 
rude+2: impolite 
rudely+1: fierce 
rudely+2: impolite 
rudeness+1: fierce 
rudeness+2: impolite 
rudimentary+1: elementary 
rudimentary+2: important 
rue+1: FlowerGrass 
rue+2: repent 
rugged+1: biased 
rugged+2: coarse 
ruined+1: decline 
ruined+2: incomplete 
ruling+1: obtain 
ruling+2: text 
Rumanian+1: human 
Rumanian+2: RelatingToCountry 
rumba+1: recreation 
rumba+2: shows 
ruminate+1: masticate 
ruminate+2: think 
rumination+1: masticate 
rumination+2: think 
rumor+1: forge 
rumor+2: information 
rumour+1: forge 
rumour+2: information 
rump+1: food 
rump+2: part 
run+1: run 
run+2: SelfMove 
runaway+1: BeUnable 
runaway+2: human 
runoff+1: fact 
runoff+2: flow 
ruse+1: method 
ruse+2: plans 
rush+1: transport 
rush+2: VieFor 
rust+1: OutOfOrder 
rust+2: phenomena 
ruthlessly+1: fierce 
ruthlessly+2: unfriendly 
SaaS+1: method 
SaaS+2: software 
sable+1: beast 
sable+2: black 
sabre+1: fact 
sabre+2: kill 
sacrifice+1: abandon 
sacrifice+2: condole 
sad+1: miserable 
sad+2: sad 
saddle+1: part 
saddle+2: SupportWeight 
sadism+1: human 
sadism+2: phenomena 
saffron+1: FlowerGrass 
saffron+2: yellow 
sag+1: decline 
sag+2: Distance 
sage+1: human 
sage+2: wise 
Sagittarius+1: celestial 
Sagittarius+2: KindValue 
sailing+1: fact 
sailing+2: VehicleGo 
saint+1: HighRank 
saint+2: human 
salaam+1: fact 
salaam+2: salute 
salamander+1: beast 
salamander+2: fish 
salary+1: pay 
salary+2: payment 
sale+1: Amount 
sale+2: Circumstances 
salesroom+1: part 
salesroom+2: room 
salina+1: InstitutePlace 
salina+2: land 
saline+1: salty 
saline+2: water 
salivate+1: expect 
salivate+2: flow 
sallow+1: AlterColor 
sallow+2: frail 
saloon+1: InstitutePlace 
saloon+2: room 
salt+1: material 
salt+2: PropertyValue 
salted+1: processed 
salted+2: salty 
salutation+1: salute 
salutation+2: SayHello 
salutatory+1: SayHello 
salutatory+2: text 
salute+1: salute 
salute+2: tool 
salvo+1: part 
salvo+2: shoot 
Samoan+1: language 
Samoan+2: RelatingToCountry 
sampling+1: choose 
sampling+2: method 
sanction+1: agree 
sanction+2: ExpressAgreement 
sandalwood+1: tree 
sandalwood+2: wood 
sandblast+1: rub 
sandblast+2: tool 
sandpaper+1: material 
sandpaper+2: rub 
sane+1: fantastic 
sane+2: healthy 
sanguification+1: fact 
sanguification+2: produce 
sanguine+1: AlterColor 
sanguine+2: optimistic 
sanitarian+1: affairs 
sanitarian+2: human 
sap+1: decline 
sap+2: ize 
sapid+1: GoodTaste 
sapid+2: interesting 
sapidity+1: bewitching 
sapidity+2: Taste 
sapphirine+1: blue 
sapphirine+2: material 
SAR+1: LookFor 
SAR+2: place 
sarcasm+1: expression 
sarcasm+2: mock 
sarcastic+1: mock 
sarcastic+2: unfriendly 
satiate+1: CauseToDo 
satiate+2: eat 
satire+1: expression 
satire+2: mock 
satisfaction+1: fulfil 
satisfaction+2: satisfied 
satisfactoriness+1: able 
satisfactoriness+2: Measurement 
satisfy+1: CauseToDo 
satisfy+2: fulfil 
saturant+1: chemical 
saturant+2: StateChange 
saturate+1: soak 
saturate+2: StateChange 
saturation+1: Circumstances 
saturation+2: soak 
saucily+1: beautiful 
saucily+2: impolite 
saucy+1: beautiful 
saucy+2: fierce 
Saudi+1: human 
Saudi+2: RelatingToCountry 
sauna+1: fact 
sauna+2: room 
savage+1: fierce 
savage+2: human 
savageness+1: Behavior 
savageness+2: fierce 
savagery+1: Behavior 
savagery+2: Source 
save+1: store 
save+2: surplus 
savings+1: money 
savings+2: wealth 
savor+1: enjoy 
savor+2: savor 
savour+1: enjoy 
savour+2: savor 
savoury+1: food 
savoury+2: fragrant 
saw+1: break 
saw+2: tool 
scabbard+1: put 
scabbard+2: tool 
scabies+1: disease 
scabies+2: phenomena 
scalar+1: Amount 
scalar+2: symbol 
scallion+1: part 
scallion+2: vegetable 
scallop+1: catch 
scallop+2: fish 
scalp+1: part 
scalp+2: sell 
scam+1: cheat 
scam+2: deceive 
scamp+1: act 
scamp+2: human 
scamper+1: flee 
scamper+2: walk 
scandal+1: fact 
scandal+2: information 
scandalous+1: disgraced 
scandalous+2: FriendlinessValue 
Scandinavia+1: earth 
Scandinavia+2: place 
Scandinavian+1: human 
Scandinavian+2: RelatingToCountry 
scant+1: lack 
scant+2: subtract 
scantling+1: few 
scantling+2: Height 
scanty+1: clothing 
scanty+2: few 
scaphoid+1: FormValue 
scaphoid+2: part 
scar+1: BeRecovered 
scar+2: trace 
scarcity+1: Amount 
scarcity+2: Disadvantage 
scare+1: fear 
scare+2: frighten 
scarf+1: clothing 
scarf+2: tool 
scatter+1: disperse 
scatter+2: spread 
SCC+1: disease 
SCC+2: institution 
scenery+1: facilities 
scenery+2: Scene 
schedule+1: plan 
schedule+2: plans 
scholarly+1: erudite 
scholarly+2: gracious 
scholarship+1: fund 
scholarship+2: Learning 
school+1: community 
school+2: InstitutePlace 
schrod+1: fish 
schrod+2: part 
scientific+1: consistent 
scientific+2: knowledge 
scoff+1: despise 
scoff+2: mock 
scollop+1: catch 
scollop+2: fish 
scoop+1: TakeOutOfWater 
scoop+2: tool 
scorch+1: AlterColor 
scorch+2: burn 
scoundrel+1: despicable 
scoundrel+2: human 
scour+1: AlterBrightness 
scour+2: LookFor 
scram+1: expression 
scram+2: leave 
scramble+1: crawl 
scramble+2: HaveContest 
scrap+1: shape 
scrap+2: waste 
scrape+1: remove 
scrape+2: rub 
scraper+1: machine 
scraper+2: tool 
scratch+1: trace 
scratch+2: write 
scream+1: cry 
scream+2: MakeSound 
screech+1: MakeSound 
screech+2: sound 
screw+1: part 
screw+2: tighten 
scrod+1: fish 
scrod+2: part 
scroll+1: document 
scroll+2: image 
scrunch+1: grind 
scrunch+2: shrink 
scruple+1: fear 
scruple+2: hesitate 
scull+1: drive 
scull+2: part 
scum+1: human 
scum+2: remove 
searching+1: LookFor 
searching+2: profound 
seaside+1: land 
seaside+2: location 
seasonable+1: fashionable 
seasonable+2: proper 
seat+1: CauseToDo 
seat+2: location 
secede+1: disconnect 
secede+2: withdraw 
secession+1: disconnect 
secession+2: withdraw 
seckill+1: disappear 
seckill+2: kill 
seclude+1: hide 
seclude+2: separate 
secluded+1: inactive 
secluded+2: OutOfTheWay 
seclusion+1: fact 
seclusion+2: Publicity 
second+1: time 
second+2: Unit 
secondary+1: intermediate 
secondary+2: secondary 
secondly+1: FuncWord 
secondly+2: next 
secret+1: covert 
secret+2: fact 
secrete+1: drain 
secrete+2: excrete 
secretion+1: drain 
secretion+2: physical 
secretive+1: cautious 
secretive+2: covert 
secretively+1: cautious 
secretively+2: covert 
sector+1: component 
sector+2: part 
securely+1: safe 
securely+2: steady 
secureness+1: Mobility 
secureness+2: Steadiness 
securities+1: community 
securities+2: coupon 
security+1: part 
security+2: Safety 
sedan+1: LandVehicle 
sedan+2: tool 
sedately+1: composed 
sedately+2: dignified 
sedateness+1: composed 
sedateness+2: dignified 
sedative+1: able 
sedative+2: medicine 
seductive+1: attractive 
seductive+2: lascivious 
seed+1: reproduce 
seed+2: spread 
seek+1: LookFor 
seek+2: seek 
seeker+1: human 
seeker+2: weapon 
seep+1: drain 
seep+2: leak 
Seiko+1: Name 
Seiko+2: tool 
seize+1: occupy 
seize+2: rob 
select+1: choose 
select+2: refined 
selection+1: choose 
selection+2: text 
sell+1: betray 
sell+2: fact 
semaphore+1: communicate 
semaphore+2: language 
semblance+1: Appearance 
semblance+2: Similarity 
semicircle+1: image 
semicircle+2: shape 
seminar+1: community 
seminar+2: fact 
send+1: dispatch 
send+2: post 
sender+1: human 
sender+2: tool 
Senegalese+1: human 
Senegalese+2: RelatingToCountry 
senile+1: aged 
senile+2: decline 
seniority+1: Standard 
seniority+2: Status 
sensation+1: emotion 
sensation+2: excite 
senseless+1: dizzy 
senseless+2: rash 
sensibly+1: clever 
sensibly+2: sensible 
sensitive+1: able 
sensitive+2: classified 
sentimental+1: able 
sentimental+2: passionate 
sentimentalise+1: CauseToDo 
sentimentalise+2: excite 
sentimentalize+1: CauseToDo 
sentimentalize+2: excite 
sentimentally+1: able 
sentimentally+2: AptTo 
separately+1: individual 
separately+2: InSequence 
separation+1: farewell 
separation+2: separate 
septuagenarian+1: aged 
septuagenarian+2: human 
sequel+1: publications 
sequel+2: result 
sequence+1: arrange 
sequence+2: decide 
sequestration+1: punish 
sequestration+2: subtract 
Serbian+1: human 
Serbian+2: language 
serenade+1: music 
serenade+2: ShowLove 
serene+1: composed 
serene+2: peaceful 
serial+1: continuous 
serial+2: shows 
serialisation+1: fact 
serialisation+2: ize 
serialization+1: fact 
serialization+2: ize 
serialize+1: ize 
serialize+2: publish 
seriously+1: cautious 
seriously+2: earnest 
seriousness+1: Cautiousness 
seriousness+2: earnest 
serve+1: shoot 
serve+2: submit 
serviceable+1: durable 
serviceable+2: wieldy 
sesame+1: crop 
sesame+2: material 
Sesotho+1: language 
Sesotho+2: RelatingToCountry 
session+1: fact 
session+2: part 
setback+1: fact 
setback+2: mishap 
setting+1: Environment 
setting+2: facilities 
settled+1: finish 
settled+2: peaceful 
settlement+1: place 
settlement+2: reside 
severance+1: break 
severance+2: separate 
severely+1: serious 
severely+2: severe 
sew+1: fasten 
sew+2: produce 
sewerage+1: facilities 
sewerage+2: water 
sex+1: fact 
sex+2: Sex 
Seychellois+1: human 
Seychellois+2: RelatingToCountry 
shabbiness+1: Appearance 
shabbiness+2: incomplete 
shabby+1: disgraced 
shabby+2: incomplete 
shack+1: facilities 
shack+2: house 
shackle+1: restrain 
shackle+2: tool 
shade+1: tool 
shade+2: trace 
shadow+1: cover 
shadow+2: follow 
shadowy+1: blurred 
shadowy+2: chilly 
shady+1: covert 
shady+2: dark 
shake+1: wave 
shake+2: weaken 
shallot+1: part 
shallot+2: vegetable 
shallow+1: shallow 
shallow+2: superficial 
shallowly+1: shallow 
shallowly+2: superficial 
sham+1: fake 
sham+2: physical 
shambles+1: Circumstances 
shambles+2: InstitutePlace 
shame+1: emotion 
shame+2: PlayDown 
Shan+1: place 
Shan+2: surname 
shape+1: forming 
shape+2: Health 
share+1: own 
share+2: undergo 
shared+1: public 
shared+2: undergo 
sharing+1: undergo 
sharing+2: use 
shark+1: fish 
shark+2: human 
sharp+1: sharp 
sharp+2: strong 
sharpen+1: ize 
sharpen+2: sharpen 
sharply+1: perceptive 
sharply+2: strong 
sharpness+1: Perceptiveness 
sharpness+2: sharp 
shatter+1: bump 
shatter+2: damage 
shave+1: cut 
shave+2: MakeUp 
sheepish+1: docile 
sheepish+2: shy 
sheepshead+1: fish 
sheepshead+2: part 
sheepskin+1: document 
sheepskin+2: part 
shelf+1: store 
shelf+2: tool 
shell+1: StripOff 
shell+2: weapon 
shellac+1: apply 
shellac+2: material 
shenanigan+1: fact 
shenanigan+2: method 
Sheng+1: place 
Sheng+2: surname 
shepherd+1: guide 
shepherd+2: human 
shield+1: thing 
shield+2: weapon 
shill+1: human 
shill+2: undertake 
shim+1: inlay 
shim+2: part 
shimmy+1: clothing 
shimmy+2: wave 
shin+1: crawl 
shin+2: part 
shining+1: bright 
shining+2: WeatherFine 
shipment+1: artifact 
shipment+2: load 
shipping+1: affairs 
shipping+2: Amount 
shirk+1: escape 
shirk+2: evade 
shiver+1: fact 
shiver+2: shiver 
shoal+1: fish 
shoal+2: land 
shock+1: frighten 
shock+2: shake 
shogunate+1: system 
shogunate+2: time 
shopworn+1: uninventive 
shopworn+2: used 
shortage+1: Amount 
shortage+2: lack 
shortcut+1: method 
shortcut+2: route 
shortfall+1: Amount 
shortfall+2: lack 
shortsighted+1: superficial 
shortsighted+2: unable 
shot+1: SportTool 
shot+2: weapon 
shout+1: cry 
shout+2: speak 
shove+1: force 
shove+2: push 
shovel+1: dump 
shovel+2: pick 
show+1: perform 
show+2: shows 
showcase+1: display 
showcase+2: tool 
showy+1: colored 
showy+2: flighty 
shrapnel+1: part 
shrapnel+2: weapon 
shred+1: Amount 
shred+2: part 
shrewish+1: fierce 
shrewish+2: unfriendly 
shriek+1: cry 
shriek+2: sound 
shrill+1: cry 
shrill+2: shrill 
shrinkage+1: FormChange 
shrinkage+2: shrink 
shrivelled+1: bony 
shrivelled+2: dented 
shroud+1: clothing 
shroud+2: cover 
Shu+1: place 
Shu+2: surname 
shuffle+1: forming 
shuffle+2: KeepSilence 
shuttle+1: part 
shuttle+2: SportTool 
shuttlecock+1: fact 
shuttlecock+2: SportTool 
Si+1: surname 
Si+2: waters 
sickly+1: frail 
sickly+2: unhealthy 
sideboard+1: furniture 
sideboard+2: tool 
sidelight+1: information 
sidelight+2: text 
sideline+1: fact 
sideline+2: part 
sidestroke+1: fact 
sidestroke+2: swim 
sidewalk+1: location 
sidewalk+2: route 
sideways+1: CausePartMove 
sideways+2: horizontal 
sieve+1: choose 
sieve+2: filter 
sign+1: sign 
sign+2: trace 
signal+1: express 
signal+2: information 
signatory+1: forming 
signatory+2: human 
signature+1: Name 
signature+2: sign 
signboard+1: mark 
signboard+2: tool 
significance+1: Importance 
significance+2: information 
significant+1: important 
significant+2: profound 
significantly+1: important 
significantly+2: very 
signify+1: express 
signify+2: important 
Sikkim+1: place 
Sikkim+2: RelatingToCountry 
silencer+1: part 
silencer+2: tool 
silent+1: KeepSilence 
silent+2: quiet 
silently+1: quiet 
silently+2: silent 
silhouette+1: image 
silhouette+2: part 
silk+1: artifact 
silk+2: material 
silt+1: fill 
silt+2: stone 
similitude+1: alike 
similitude+2: Similarity 
simmer+1: BecomeMore 
simmer+2: cook 
simplify+1: ize 
simplify+2: subtract 
simply+1: FuncWord 
simply+2: simple 
simulate+1: imitate 
simulate+2: pretend 
simulation+1: imitate 
simulation+2: pretend 
sin+1: engage 
sin+2: expression 
sincere+1: ardent 
sincere+2: earnest 
sincerity+1: earnest 
sincerity+2: emotion 
sinew+1: Life 
sinew+2: part 
Singaporean+1: human 
Singaporean+2: RelatingToCountry 
Singhalese+1: human 
Singhalese+2: language 
singsong+1: fact 
singsong+2: sing 
singular+1: BestQuality 
singular+2: Form 
sinus+1: part 
sinus+2: Speed 
siphon+1: TakeAway 
siphon+2: tool 
siren+1: humanized 
siren+2: tool 
sissy+1: BehaviorValue 
sissy+2: human 
site+1: facilities 
site+2: InfoCarrier 
sixties+1: Age 
sixties+2: AgeValue 
sizzle+1: MakeSound 
sizzle+2: sound 
skeletal+1: bony 
skeletal+2: part 
sketchily+1: concise 
sketchily+2: roughly 
sketchy+1: concise 
sketchy+2: roughly 
skewer+1: fix 
skewer+2: mock 
skid+1: part 
skid+2: slide 
skiing+1: exercise 
skiing+2: fact 
skilful+1: able 
skilful+2: dexterous 
skilfully+1: able 
skilfully+2: dexterous 
skim+1: read 
skim+2: TakeOutOfWater 
skip+1: cross 
skip+2: jump 
skirmish+1: fact 
skirmish+2: fight 
skirt+1: clothing 
skirt+2: coil 
skulk+1: escape 
skulk+2: slack 
skunk+1: beast 
skunk+2: human 
skylark+1: bird 
skylark+2: recreation 
slag+1: appear 
slag+2: waste 
slam+1: attack 
slam+2: ExpressAgainst 
slander+1: slander 
slander+2: text 
slang+1: expression 
slang+2: use 
slant+1: symbol 
slant+2: tilt 
slapdash+1: careless 
slapdash+2: hasty 
slave+1: engage 
slave+2: human 
sleazy+1: sly 
sleazy+2: wicked 
sled+1: TakeVehicle 
sled+2: tool 
sleek+1: polished 
sleek+2: sly 
sleep+1: BeAble 
sleep+2: fact 
sleeper+1: material 
sleeper+2: part 
sleepiness+1: aspiration 
sleepiness+2: sleep 
sleet+1: RainSnow 
sleet+2: WeatherBad 
sleeve+1: part 
sleeve+2: tool 
slew+1: slide 
slew+2: TurnRound 
slight+1: noncritical 
slight+2: weak 
slim+1: AlterForm 
slim+2: bony 
slip+1: shape 
slip+2: slide 
slippery+1: naked 
slippery+2: polished 
slit+1: cut 
slit+2: separate 
slobber+1: flow 
slobber+2: part 
slog+1: endeavour 
slog+2: walk 
slogan+1: expression 
slogan+2: readings 
slop+1: feed 
slop+2: spill 
slot+1: carve 
slot+2: shape 
sloth+1: beast 
sloth+2: lazy 
slough+1: land 
slough+2: lose 
Slovak+1: language 
Slovak+2: RelatingToCountry 
Slovenian+1: language 
Slovenian+2: RelatingToCountry 
slow+1: NotQuick 
slow+2: slow 
slue+1: many 
slue+2: slide 
slug+1: InsectWorm 
slug+2: slack 
sluggishly+1: lazy 
sluggishly+2: slow 
sluice+1: facilities 
sluice+2: flow 
slum+1: house 
slum+2: place 
slumber+1: fact 
slumber+2: sleep 
slump+1: BecomeLess 
slump+2: decline 
slur+1: Demerit 
slur+2: despise 
slush+1: moisten 
slush+2: stone 
slushy+1: passionate 
slushy+2: soft 
small+1: negligible 
small+2: small 
smell+1: be 
smell+2: Odor 
smoke+1: gas 
smoke+2: jet 
smolder+1: burn 
smolder+2: cherish 
smooch+1: fact 
smooch+2: ShowLove 
smooth+1: level 
smooth+2: polished 
smoothly+1: easy 
smoothly+2: fluent 
smother+1: kill 
smother+2: obstruct 
smoulder+1: burn 
smoulder+2: cherish 
smudge+1: pollute 
smudge+2: trace 
smut+1: Demerit 
smut+2: disease 
smutch+1: pollute 
smutch+2: waste 
snack+1: eat 
snack+2: edible 
snag+1: obstruct 
snag+2: thing 
snail+1: fish 
snail+2: InsectWorm 
snake+1: beast 
snake+2: human 
snaky+1: FormValue 
snaky+2: wicked 
snap+1: sudden 
snap+2: TakePicture 
snappy+1: frank 
snappy+2: nimble 
snare+1: catch 
snare+2: damage 
snatch+1: fact 
snatch+2: hold 
sneak+1: human 
sneak+2: SelfMove 
sneeze+1: exhale 
sneeze+2: fact 
sneezing+1: exhale 
sneezing+2: fact 
snick+1: cut 
snick+2: part 
sniff+1: inhale 
sniff+2: smell 
snip+1: break 
snip+2: PutInOrder 
snitch+1: human 
snitch+2: reveal 
snooker+1: engage 
snooker+2: fact 
snooze+1: fact 
snooze+2: sleep 
snore+1: fact 
snore+2: respire 
snorkel+1: machine 
snorkel+2: tool 
snort+1: MakeSound 
snort+2: sound 
snow+1: RainSnow 
snow+2: WeatherBad 
snowball+1: BecomeMore 
snowball+2: RainSnow 
snowboard+1: exercise 
snowboard+2: SportTool 
snowfall+1: Amount 
snowfall+2: WeatherBad 
snowmobile+1: TakeVehicle 
snowmobile+2: tool 
snowy+1: CircumstancesValue 
snowy+2: white 
snub+1: fact 
snub+2: IllTreat 
snuff+1: fire 
snuff+2: part 
snuffer+1: beast 
snuffer+2: tool 
snug+1: cosy 
snug+2: warm 
so+1: FuncWord 
so+2: more 
soap+1: apply 
soap+2: tool 
soapsuds+1: shape 
soapsuds+2: water 
soar+1: BecomeMore 
soar+2: fly 
sober+1: calm 
sober+2: dignified 
sobriety+1: awake 
sobriety+2: restrain 
sociability+1: sociable 
sociability+2: Sociality 
sociable+1: amiable 
sociable+2: sociable 
sociableness+1: sociable 
sociableness+2: Sociality 
social+1: associate 
social+2: group 
socialist+1: human 
socialist+2: system 
socialize+1: associate 
socialize+2: ize 
sod+1: facilities 
sod+2: material 
sodden+1: soak 
sodden+2: soft 
soft+1: soft 
soft+2: tender 
softball+1: fact 
softball+2: SportTool 
softly+1: euphonious 
softly+2: gentle 
softness+1: Content 
softness+2: unhealthy 
soil+1: land 
soil+2: pollute 
solace+1: AtEase 
solace+2: emotion 
solarize+1: dry 
solarize+2: illuminate 
solder+1: fasten 
solder+2: material 
solecism+1: result 
solecism+2: ungracious 
solemnly+1: dignified 
solemnly+2: earnest 
solicit+1: attract 
solicit+2: request 
solidification+1: AlterForm 
solidification+2: StateChange 
solidify+1: AlterForm 
solidify+2: StateChange 
solidly+1: sufficient 
solidly+2: true 
soliloquy+1: speak 
soliloquy+2: text 
solitariness+1: emotion 
solitariness+2: lonely 
solubility+1: Ability 
solubility+2: Rate 
solve+1: handle 
solve+2: reply 
solvent+1: able 
solvent+2: chemical 
Somali+1: human 
Somali+2: language 
Somalian+1: human 
Somalian+2: RelatingToCountry 
sombre+1: dark 
sombre+2: indifferent 
somersault+1: fact 
somersault+2: roll 
somersaulting+1: fact 
somersaulting+2: roll 
somnambulism+1: disease 
somnambulism+2: walk 
Song+1: surname 
Song+2: waters 
Sony+1: computer 
Sony+2: InstitutePlace 
soothe+1: soothe 
soothe+2: weaken 
sop+1: food 
sop+2: soak 
sophisticated+1: HighRank 
sophisticated+2: progressive 
soporific+1: medicine 
soporific+2: urge 
soppy+1: passionate 
soppy+2: wet 
sorb+1: fruit 
sorb+2: GetKnowledge 
sordid+1: dirty 
sordid+2: wicked 
sore+1: disease 
sore+2: painful 
sorry+1: regret 
sorry+2: unsatisfied 
sort+1: classify 
sort+2: Kind 
soulful+1: able 
soulful+2: EmotionalityValue 
soupy+1: food 
soupy+2: passionate 
sourness+1: eccentric 
sourness+2: Taste 
sovereign+1: HighRank 
sovereign+2: human 
Soviet+1: institution 
Soviet+2: PatternValue 
sow+1: livestock 
sow+2: spread 
soybean+1: material 
soybean+2: part 
spade+1: part 
spade+2: pick 
spam+1: letter 
spam+2: transmit 
Spanish+1: language 
Spanish+2: PatternValue 
spar+1: beat 
spar+2: stone 
spare+1: redundant 
spare+2: surplus 
sparetime+1: temporary 
sparetime+2: time 
sparse+1: few 
sparse+2: sparse 
sparsely+1: few 
sparsely+2: sparse 
sparsity+1: few 
sparsity+2: sparse 
spastic+1: phenomena 
spastic+2: spasmodic 
spate+1: many 
spate+2: water 
spawn+1: part 
spawn+2: reproduce 
speaker+1: MusicTool 
speaker+2: tool 
special+1: extraordinary 
special+2: shows 
specialise+1: research 
specialise+2: study 
specialize+1: research 
specialize+2: study 
specialized+1: permanent 
specialized+2: special 
specialty+1: artifact 
specialty+2: knowledge 
specific+1: medicine 
specific+2: part 
speckle+1: decorate 
speckle+2: trace 
spectacle+1: Occasion 
spectacle+2: Scene 
spectroscopy+1: fact 
spectroscopy+2: knowledge 
speculate+1: guess 
speculate+2: think 
speculation+1: guess 
speculation+2: think 
speech+1: fact 
speech+2: text 
spellbind+1: attract 
spellbind+2: CauseToDo 
spend+1: pass 
spend+2: spend 
spendthrift+1: extravagant 
spendthrift+2: human 
sphere+1: earth 
sphere+2: part 
spinach+1: part 
spinach+2: vegetable 
spiral+1: circle 
spiral+2: GoUp 
spirited+1: dignified 
spirited+2: strong 
spiritless+1: boring 
spiritless+2: FeelingByBad 
spite+1: emotion 
spite+2: MakeWorried 
splash+1: disperse 
splash+2: spray 
splay+1: open 
splay+2: wounded 
spleen+1: emotion 
spleen+2: part 
splendour+1: Brightness 
splendour+2: magnificent 
splint+1: put 
splint+2: tool 
splinter+1: part 
splinter+2: shape 
split+1: separate 
split+2: split 
spoiled+1: flighty 
spoiled+2: stinky 
sponger+1: human 
sponger+2: InsectWorm 
spongy+1: inferior 
spongy+2: loose 
sponsorship+1: handle 
sponsorship+2: Status 
spontaneous+1: automatic 
spontaneous+2: unready 
spontaneously+1: automatic 
spontaneously+2: unready 
sportscast+1: disseminate 
sportscast+2: image 
spotlight+1: fact 
spotlight+2: Merit 
spout+1: jet 
spout+2: part 
sprain+1: turn 
sprain+2: wounded 
spray+1: tool 
spray+2: water 
spree+1: fact 
spree+2: IllBehave 
sprightly+1: interesting 
sprightly+2: lucid 
springe+1: forming 
springe+2: plans 
sprint+1: fact 
sprint+2: run 
sprite+1: drinks 
sprite+2: humanized 
sprout+1: part 
sprout+2: reproduce 
spruce+1: MakeUp 
spruce+2: tree 
spume+1: appear 
spume+2: gas 
spur+1: part 
spur+2: Strength 
spurt+1: jet 
spurt+2: run 
spy+1: human 
spy+2: scout 
squabble+1: debate 
squabble+2: quarrel 
squad+1: community 
squad+2: part 
squalid+1: dirty 
squalid+2: wicked 
squall+1: cry 
squall+2: RainSnow 
square+1: shape 
square+2: square 
squarely+1: accurate 
squarely+2: frank 
squash+1: fact 
squash+2: SqueezeOut 
squat+1: Amount 
squat+2: sit 
squawk+1: ExpressDissatisfaction 
squawk+2: MakeSound 
squeak+1: MakeSound 
squeak+2: sound 
squeegee+1: tool 
squeegee+2: wipe 
squeeze+1: press 
squeeze+2: SqueezeOut 
squib+1: shoot 
squib+2: tool 
squid+1: catch 
squid+2: fish 
squinch+1: CausePartMove 
squinch+2: GoBackward 
squirm+1: crawl 
squirm+2: shake 
stab+1: disease 
stab+2: stab 
stability+1: Circumstances 
stability+2: Constancy 
stabilization+1: Constancy 
stabilization+2: stabilize 
stable+1: facilities 
stable+2: steady 
stably+1: peaceful 
stably+2: steady 
staff+1: human 
staff+2: tool 
stagnate+1: cease 
stagnate+2: CeaseCauseTOMove 
staid+1: composed 
staid+2: peaceful 
stale+1: OutOfOrder 
stale+2: uninventive 
stalemate+1: phenomena 
stalemate+2: situated 
stalk+1: follow 
stalk+2: part 
stalls+1: facilities 
stalls+2: room 
stalwart+1: resolute 
stalwart+2: sturdy 
stammer+1: disable 
stammer+2: speak 
stamp+1: press 
stamp+2: tool 
stampede+1: flee 
stampede+2: kill 
stance+1: Behavior 
stance+2: Posture 
standardized+1: neat 
standardized+2: qualified 
standdown+1: cease 
standdown+2: MoveItBack 
standing+1: location 
standing+2: permanent 
standoff+1: BeOpposite 
standoff+2: phenomena 
stark+1: lucid 
stark+2: stiff 
starkness+1: extreme 
starkness+2: naked 
starry+1: many 
starry+2: WeatherFine 
startup+1: InstitutePlace 
startup+2: TurnOn 
starve+1: CauseToDo 
starve+2: HungryThirsty 
stash+1: cease 
stash+2: location 
statement+1: explain 
statement+2: expression 
stationery+1: artifact 
stationery+2: tool 
statistic+1: Amount 
statistic+2: calculate 
statistics+1: Amount 
statistics+2: knowledge 
stature+1: part 
stature+2: Stature 
status+1: Circumstances 
status+2: Status 
statute+1: law 
statute+2: system 
staunch+1: obstruct 
staunch+2: resolute 
staunchly+1: faithful 
staunchly+2: resolute 
stay+1: keep 
stay+2: reside 
steadily+1: composed 
steadily+2: constant 
steady+1: stabilize 
steady+2: steady 
steam+1: cook 
steam+2: gas 
steamer+1: ship 
steamer+2: tool 
steep+1: cook 
steep+2: soak 
steepness+1: Slope 
steepness+2: steep 
stele+1: shape 
stele+2: tool 
stellar+1: celestial 
stellar+2: famous 
stench+1: Odor 
stench+2: stinky 
step+1: Speed 
step+2: walk 
stereotype+1: Pattern 
stereotype+2: print 
sterilization+1: kill 
sterilization+2: prohibit 
sternly+1: austere 
sternly+2: severe 
sternutation+1: exhale 
sternutation+2: fact 
sternutative+1: able 
sternutative+2: medicine 
stew+1: cook 
stew+2: food 
stick+1: suffer 
stick+2: tool 
sticker+1: mark 
sticker+2: tool 
stiff+1: hard 
stiff+2: stiff 
stiffen+1: become 
stiffen+2: conduct 
stiffly+1: stiff 
stiffly+2: straight 
stifle+1: obstruct 
stifle+2: pant 
stifling+1: FeelingByBad 
stifling+2: hot 
stigma+1: emotion 
stigma+2: part 
still+1: image 
still+2: quiet 
stillness+1: peaceful 
stillness+2: quiet 
stilted+1: affected 
stilted+2: stiff 
stimulant+1: medicine 
stimulant+2: physical 
stimulate+1: excite 
stimulate+2: urge 
stimulation+1: excite 
stimulation+2: fact 
stimulus+1: excite 
stimulus+2: Strength 
stink+1: Odor 
stink+2: spread 
stint+1: grudge 
stint+2: shrink 
stipend+1: fund 
stipend+2: payment 
stipulate+1: delimit 
stipulate+2: MakeAppointment 
stir+1: SelfMove 
stir+2: shake 
stirring+1: able 
stirring+2: bustling 
stitch+1: fasten 
stitch+2: trace 
stock+1: material 
stock+2: physical 
stomach+1: endure 
stomach+2: part 
stomachic+1: part 
stomachic+2: suitable 
stony+1: AttachmentValue 
stony+2: hard 
stooge+1: human 
stooge+2: undertake 
stool+1: excrement 
stool+2: furniture 
stoppage+1: phenomena 
stoppage+2: stay 
storage+1: part 
storage+2: store 
store+1: InstitutePlace 
store+2: SetAside 
storm+1: attack 
storm+2: phenomena 
storytelling+1: perform 
storytelling+2: shows 
straggle+1: disobey 
straggle+2: disperse 
straight+1: continuous 
straight+2: direct 
straightaway+1: direct 
straightaway+2: prompt 
strap+1: fasten 
strap+2: fittings 
strategic+1: important 
strategic+2: plans 
strategy+1: knowledge 
strategy+2: plans 
stray+1: livestock 
stray+2: roam 
stream+1: water 
stream+2: waters 
strength+1: Intensity 
strength+2: Strength 
strengthen+1: ize 
strengthen+2: MakeBetter 
strenuous+1: effortful 
strenuous+2: endeavour 
stress+1: sound 
stress+2: Strength 
strict+1: severe 
strict+2: strict 
strictly+1: severe 
strictly+2: strict 
stride+1: cross 
stride+2: Distance 
strident+1: cacophonic 
strident+2: noisy 
strikingly+1: extreme 
strikingly+2: lucid 
string+1: part 
string+2: tool 
striptease+1: human 
striptease+2: shows 
strive+1: endeavour 
strive+2: seek 
stroke+1: rub 
stroke+2: stroke 
strongpoint+1: facilities 
strongpoint+2: part 
strop+1: fittings 
strop+2: sharpen 
structure+1: forming 
structure+2: part 
struggle+1: endeavour 
struggle+2: fight 
studio+1: InstitutePlace 
studio+2: institution 
stuff+1: material 
stuff+2: thing 
stuffy+1: boring 
stuffy+2: stuffy 
stumble+1: FallDown 
stumble+2: method 
stump+1: kick 
stump+2: part 
stun+1: frighten 
stun+2: stupefied 
stunt+1: fact 
stunt+2: restrain 
stupid+1: foolish 
stupid+2: NotQuick 
stupidity+1: foolish 
stupidity+2: result 
stupidly+1: foolish 
stupidly+2: NotQuick 
sturdily+1: durable 
sturdily+2: steady 
sty+1: disease 
sty+2: facilities 
stylus+1: part 
stylus+2: tool 
styptic+1: chemical 
styptic+2: restrain 
suave+1: gentle 
suave+2: gracious 
sub+1: part 
sub+2: replace 
Subaru+1: LandVehicle 
Subaru+2: Name 
subcontract+1: agreement 
subcontract+2: entrust 
subdue+1: defeat 
subdue+2: MakeLower 
subjectivity+1: biased 
subjectivity+2: Fairness 
subjunctive+1: fake 
subjunctive+2: Property 
sublimate+1: refine 
sublimate+2: StateChange 
sublimation+1: refine 
sublimation+2: StateChange 
submarine+1: part 
submarine+2: weapon 
submerge+1: GoDown 
submerge+2: undergo 
submission+1: submit 
submission+2: surrender 
submit+1: request 
submit+2: submit 
suborn+1: GiveAsGift 
suborn+2: incite 
subpoena+1: call 
subpoena+2: document 
subservient+1: docile 
subservient+2: secondary 
subside+1: BecomeLess 
subside+2: BeRecovered 
subsidence+1: BeRecovered 
subsidence+2: GoDown 
subsidiary+1: able 
subsidiary+2: InstitutePlace 
subsistence+1: alive 
subsistence+2: poor 
substance+1: Content 
substance+2: part 
substantiate+1: check 
substantiate+2: enrich 
substantiation+1: check 
substantiation+2: enrich 
substantive+1: part 
substantive+2: true 
subtitle+1: part 
subtitle+2: text 
subtract+1: DoSum 
subtract+2: subtract 
subtraction+1: DoSum 
subtraction+2: method 
subversive+1: able 
subversive+2: human 
success+1: accomplishment 
success+2: succeed 
succession+1: Continuity 
succession+2: replace 
succour+1: help 
succour+2: rescue 
such+1: more 
such+2: specific 
sucker+1: food 
sucker+2: tool 
Sucre+1: money 
Sucre+2: place 
suction+1: attract 
suction+2: PickOut 
Sudanese+1: human 
Sudanese+2: language 
suddenly+1: prompt 
suddenly+2: sudden 
suds+1: alcohol 
suds+2: appear 
suffice+1: fulfil 
suffice+2: sufficient 
suffix+1: include 
suffix+2: part 
suffocate+1: obstruct 
suffocate+2: pant 
suffocative+1: able 
suffocative+2: obstruct 
suggest+1: propose 
suggest+2: recommend 
Sui+1: surname 
Sui+2: waters 
suicide+1: fact 
suicide+2: suicide 
suitable+1: fit 
suitable+2: suitable 
suite+1: human 
suite+2: music 
sullen+1: dark 
sullen+2: FeelingByBad 
sully+1: PlayDown 
sully+2: slander 
sulphur+1: chemical 
sulphur+2: inanimate 
summarization+1: explain 
summarization+2: text 
summons+1: call 
summons+2: document 
sumptuously+1: extravagant 
sumptuously+2: magnificent 
sun+1: celestial 
sun+2: illuminate 
sunburn+1: damage 
sunburn+2: disease 
sundries+1: artifact 
sundries+2: inanimate 
sundry+1: artifact 
sundry+2: mixed 
sunflower+1: crop 
sunflower+2: FlowerGrass 
sunken+1: dented 
sunken+2: GoDown 
sunrise+1: GoUp 
sunrise+2: time 
sunset+1: GoDown 
sunset+2: time 
sunshine+1: fact 
sunshine+2: lights 
super+1: BestQuality 
super+2: HighRank 
superb+1: grand 
superb+2: interesting 
superficial+1: flighty 
superficial+2: shallow 
superficially+1: flighty 
superficially+2: superficial 
superfluous+1: many 
superfluous+2: redundant 
superintend+1: manage 
superintend+2: supervise 
superiority+1: Advantage 
superiority+2: emotion 
supernatural+1: artificial 
supernatural+2: queer 
supernumerary+1: human 
supernumerary+2: surplus 
supersonic+1: FrequencyValue 
supersonic+2: shape 
supervise+1: manage 
supervise+2: supervise 
supervision+1: manage 
supervision+2: supervise 
supper+1: eat 
supper+2: fact 
supple+1: gracious 
supple+2: soft 
supplement+1: enrich 
supplement+2: publications 
supplementary+1: able 
supplementary+2: secondary 
suppliant+1: human 
suppliant+2: request 
supplicant+1: human 
supplicant+2: request 
supply+1: artifact 
supply+2: issue 
support+1: PropUp 
support+2: ProvideFor 
supporter+1: fittings 
supporter+2: human 
supposition+1: guess 
supposition+2: information 
suppuration+1: inflamed 
suppuration+2: part 
supremacy+1: Advantage 
supremacy+2: Power 
surf+1: look 
surf+2: swim 
surfing+1: fact 
surfing+2: swim 
surge+1: jet 
surge+2: start 
surgery+1: fact 
surgery+2: knowledge 
surging+1: flourishing 
surging+2: strong 
surmount+1: cross 
surmount+2: defeat 
surprised+1: EmotionalityValue 
surprised+2: surprise 
surrender+1: submit 
surrender+2: surrender 
surround+1: BeNear 
surround+2: surround 
surveillant+1: human 
surveillant+2: supervise 
survey+1: text 
survey+2: thought 
surveying+1: investigate 
surveying+2: knowledge 
suspect+1: doubt 
suspect+2: fishy 
suspected+1: fishy 
suspected+2: relate 
suspense+1: hang 
suspense+2: uneasy 
sustainability+1: Ability 
sustainability+2: Strength 
suzerain+1: human 
suzerain+2: place 
swag+1: artifact 
swag+2: walk 
swage+1: forming 
swage+2: tool 
swagger+1: arrogant 
swagger+2: GoForward 
swallow+1: bird 
swallow+2: swallow 
swamp+1: GoDown 
swamp+2: land 
swarm+1: ComeTogether 
swarm+2: InsectWorm 
Swatch+1: Name 
Swatch+2: tool 
swathe+1: tool 
swathe+2: wrap 
sway+1: rotate 
sway+2: shake 
swear+1: ExpressAgainst 
swear+2: swear 
swearword+1: expression 
swearword+2: text 
sweat+1: excrement 
sweat+2: excrete 
Swedish+1: language 
Swedish+2: RelatingToCountry 
sweep+1: part 
sweep+2: remove 
sweetly+1: happy 
sweetly+2: sweet 
swell+1: enlarge 
swell+2: FormChange 
swelling+1: disease 
swelling+2: FormChange 
swerve+1: alter 
swerve+2: fact 
swerving+1: fact 
swerving+2: TurnRound 
swift+1: bird 
swift+2: fast 
swill+1: feed 
swill+2: waste 
swing+1: shake 
swing+2: tool 
swipe+1: steal 
swipe+2: touch 
swish+1: MakeSound 
swish+2: sound 
sword+1: tool 
sword+2: weapon 
sworn+1: antagonistic 
sworn+2: collateral 
swot+1: endeavour 
swot+2: study 
sycophant+1: human 
sycophant+2: livestock 
syllabus+1: fact 
syllabus+2: part 
symbol+1: mark 
symbol+2: symbol 
symbolic+1: classic 
symbolic+2: PropertyValue 
symbolical+1: classic 
symbolical+2: symbol 
symbolise+1: ize 
symbolise+2: mean 
symbolization+1: ize 
symbolization+2: mean 
symbolize+1: ize 
symbolize+2: mean 
sympathetic+1: benevolent 
sympathetic+2: pity 
sympathomimetic+1: part 
sympathomimetic+2: physical 
sympathy+1: emotion 
sympathy+2: pity 
synchronize+1: happen 
synchronize+2: ize 
synopsize+1: describe 
synopsize+2: explain 
synthesize+1: include 
synthesize+2: produce 
Syrian+1: human 
Syrian+2: RelatingToCountry 
syringe+1: doctor 
syringe+2: tool 
syrup+1: drinks 
syrup+2: material 
Ta+1: metal 
Ta+2: surname 
tabasco+1: part 
tabasco+2: vegetable 
tabloid+1: medicine 
tabloid+2: publications 
taboo+1: evade 
taboo+2: regulation 
tabu+1: regulation 
tabu+2: suffer 
tabulation+1: forming 
tabulation+2: image 
taciturn+1: KeepSilence 
taciturn+2: unsociable 
tact+1: flexible 
tact+2: Quickwittedness 
tactful+1: clever 
tactful+2: sly 
tactfully+1: sly 
tactfully+2: tactful 
tactics+1: method 
tactics+2: plans 
tag+1: express 
tag+2: follow 
tagger+1: part 
tagger+2: symbol 
tailor+1: break 
tailor+2: human 
taint+1: Demerit 
taint+2: infect 
taintless+1: flawless 
taintless+2: infect 
Taiwanese+1: human 
Taiwanese+2: language 
Tajik+1: language 
Tajik+2: RelatingToCountry 
Tajiki+1: language 
Tajiki+2: place 
takeout+1: edible 
takeout+2: transport 
talc+1: apply 
talc+2: material 
talcum+1: material 
talcum+2: tool 
talent+1: Ability 
talent+2: human 
tall+1: high 
tall+2: StatureTall 
tallage+1: expenditure 
tallage+2: pay 
tame+1: control 
tame+2: cultivate 
tan+1: produce 
tan+2: reveal 
tangent+1: shape 
tangent+2: symbol 
tangible+1: palpable 
tangible+2: possible 
tangle+1: coil 
tangle+2: phenomena 
tangled+1: chaotic 
tangled+2: ungracious 
tank+1: tool 
tank+2: weapon 
tanker+1: LandVehicle 
tanker+2: ship 
Tanzanian+1: human 
Tanzanian+2: RelatingToCountry 
Tao+1: surname 
Tao+2: waters 
tap+1: part 
tap+2: tool 
taper+1: BecomeLess 
taper+2: part 
tar+1: chemical 
tar+2: cover 
tardily+1: late 
tardily+2: slow 
tardiness+1: late 
tardiness+2: slow 
tardy+1: late 
tardy+2: slow 
tare+1: FlowerGrass 
tare+2: Weight 
tariff+1: expenditure 
tariff+2: Rate 
taro+1: part 
taro+2: vegetable 
tarry+1: FormValue 
tarry+2: material 
tartly+1: sour 
tartly+2: unfriendly 
task+1: affairs 
task+2: dispatch 
tassel+1: decorate 
tassel+2: tool 
taste+1: savor 
taste+2: Taste 
Tatar+1: language 
Tatar+2: place 
tater+1: part 
tater+2: vegetable 
taunt+1: ExpressAgainst 
taunt+2: mock 
taxation+1: expenditure 
taxation+2: levy 
taxi+1: LandVehicle 
taxi+2: slide 
taxonomy+1: knowledge 
taxonomy+2: regulation 
Tchaikovsky+1: human 
Tchaikovsky+2: music 
teach+1: cultivate 
teach+2: teach 
teaching+1: fact 
teaching+2: information 
team+1: community 
team+2: part 
teamwork+1: fact 
teamwork+2: mental 
tearful+1: exist 
tearful+2: sorrowful 
teargas+1: attack 
teargas+2: weapon 
teasel+1: appear 
teasel+2: FlowerGrass 
teatime+1: fact 
teatime+2: time 
technique+1: knowledge 
technique+2: method 
tedious+1: boring 
tedious+2: trivial 
tedium+1: boring 
tedium+2: disgust 
teen+1: AgeValue 
teen+2: human 
telecast+1: disseminate 
telecast+2: fact 
telegraph+1: letter 
telegraph+2: tool 
telegraphy+1: fact 
telegraphy+2: knowledge 
telemetering+1: fact 
telemetering+2: measure 
telephone+1: communicate 
telephone+2: fact 
telescope+1: shrink 
telescope+2: tool 
television+1: image 
television+2: tool 
tell+1: CauseToDo 
tell+2: order 
temperate+1: proper 
temperate+2: warm 
temperature+1: experience 
temperature+2: Temperature 
template+1: example 
template+2: part 
temple+1: facilities 
temple+2: house 
temporary+1: temporary 
temporary+2: TimeLength 
tempt+1: attract 
tempt+2: entice 
tenable+1: correct 
tenable+2: reasonable 
tenacious+1: durable 
tenacious+2: resolute 
tenaciously+1: durable 
tenaciously+2: resolute 
tenaciousness+1: aspiration 
tenaciousness+2: resolute 
tenacity+1: Hardness 
tenacity+2: resolute 
tenant+1: human 
tenant+2: lend 
tendency+1: aspiration 
tendency+2: Prospect 
tenderly+1: able 
tenderly+2: gentle 
tenderness+1: emotion 
tenderness+2: painful 
tenesmus+1: phenomena 
tenesmus+2: StomachTrouble 
tenet+1: regulation 
tenet+2: thinking 
tenor+1: part 
tenor+2: sound 
tensely+1: strong 
tensely+2: urgent 
tensor+1: part 
tensor+2: symbol 
tentatively+1: FuncWord 
tentatively+2: temporary 
tenuous+1: fine 
tenuous+2: frail 
tergiversate+1: betray 
tergiversate+2: speak 
terminal+1: Timing 
terminal+2: tool 
terminate+1: cease 
terminate+2: end 
termination+1: cease 
termination+2: end 
terminus+1: facilities 
terminus+2: location 
terrain+1: Form 
terrain+2: place 
terrific+1: able 
terrific+2: HighQuality 
terrorise+1: frighten 
terrorise+2: TerrorAttack 
terrorism+1: fact 
terrorism+2: thinking 
terrorize+1: frighten 
terrorize+2: TerrorAttack 
terse+1: concise 
terse+2: refined 
tersely+1: concise 
tersely+2: refined 
tesserae+1: cover 
tesserae+2: material 
testimonial+1: document 
testimonial+2: emotion 
textile+1: artifact 
textile+2: produce 
texture+1: experience 
texture+2: part 
that+1: NounUnit 
that+2: specific 
theater+1: InstitutePlace 
theater+2: place 
theme+1: Content 
theme+2: part 
theorize+1: ize 
theorize+2: RegardAs 
theory+1: information 
theory+2: knowledge 
thereabouts+1: approximate 
thereabouts+2: location 
thickness+1: Fineness 
thickness+2: Thickness 
thievish+1: acquisitive 
thievish+2: covert 
thin+1: thin 
thin+2: watery 
thing+1: fact 
thing+2: thing 
think+1: regard 
think+2: think 
thinking+1: thinking 
thinking+2: thought 
thinning+1: AlterMeasurement 
thinning+2: ize 
thirties+1: Age 
thirties+2: AgeValue 
thong+1: fittings 
thong+2: part 
thorn+1: shape 
thorn+2: tree 
thorny+1: difficult 
thorny+2: FormValue 
thorough+1: perceptive 
thorough+2: wholly 
thoroughfare+1: method 
thoroughfare+2: route 
thought+1: thinking 
thought+2: thought 
thoughtless+1: careful 
thoughtless+2: careless 
thoughtlessly+1: careful 
thoughtlessly+2: careless 
thrall+1: human 
thrall+2: MakeMisunderstand 
thrash+1: beat 
thrash+2: defeat 
threshold+1: Amount 
threshold+2: location 
thrill+1: excited 
thrill+2: shiver 
thrive+1: grow 
thrive+2: prosper 
throne+1: furniture 
throne+2: human 
throng+1: assemble 
throng+2: ComeTogether 
throttle+1: kill 
throttle+2: part 
through+1: continuous 
through+2: FuncWord 
throughout+1: location 
throughout+2: TimeLong 
throw+1: manage 
throw+2: throw 
throwaway+1: information 
throwaway+2: readings 
thrush+1: bird 
thrush+2: disease 
thrust+1: attack 
thrust+2: Strength 
thump+1: beat 
thump+2: shiver 
thunderclap+1: sound 
thunderclap+2: thunder 
Tibetan+1: human 
Tibetan+2: language 
ticket+1: coupon 
ticket+2: document 
tide+1: fact 
tide+2: GoUp 
tidy+1: neat 
tidy+2: PutInOrder 
tighten+1: conduct 
tighten+2: tighten 
tightly+1: narrow 
tightly+2: strict 
tile+1: cover 
tile+2: material 
till+1: FuncWord 
till+2: PutInOrder 
tiller+1: grow 
tiller+2: part 
timeliness+1: Effectivity 
timeliness+2: Possibility 
timely+1: proper 
timely+2: suitable 
timetable+1: document 
timetable+2: readings 
timid+1: shy 
timid+2: timid 
timing+1: count 
timing+2: delimit 
tincture+1: Color 
tincture+2: Hue 
tinder+1: cause 
tinder+2: easy 
ting+1: MakeSound 
ting+2: sound 
tingle+1: painful 
tingle+2: paralyse 
tinker+1: human 
tinker+2: repair 
tinkle+1: MakeSound 
tinkle+2: sound 
tinsel+1: decorate 
tinsel+2: shape 
tint+1: AlterColor 
tint+2: Color 
tiny+1: negligible 
tiny+2: small 
tiptoe+1: part 
tiptoe+2: walk 
tire+1: CauseToDo 
tire+2: part 
tiresome+1: able 
tiresome+2: boring 
tiring+1: able 
tiring+2: boring 
tissue+1: part 
tissue+2: tool 
titbit+1: information 
titbit+2: news 
titration+1: measure 
titration+2: method 
tittle+1: Amount 
tittle+2: few 
titular+1: fake 
titular+2: own 
toady+1: human 
toady+2: please 
tobacco+1: FlowerGrass 
tobacco+2: tobacoo 
toboggan+1: TakeVehicle 
toboggan+2: tool 
tocsin+1: information 
tocsin+2: tool 
Togolese+1: human 
Togolese+2: place 
toilsome+1: effortful 
toilsome+2: miserable 
token+1: artifact 
token+2: mark 
tolerant+1: broadminded 
tolerant+2: endure 
tolerantly+1: broadminded 
tolerantly+2: lenient 
tomato+1: part 
tomato+2: vegetable 
Tong+1: place 
Tong+2: surname 
Tonga+1: language 
Tonga+2: place 
Tongan+1: human 
Tongan+2: RelatingToCountry 
tongue+1: language 
tongue+2: part 
tonic+1: able 
tonic+2: physical 
too+1: FuncWord 
too+2: over 
tool+1: implement 
tool+2: tool 
toot+1: drink 
toot+2: MakeSound 
topic+1: affairs 
topic+2: Content 
topical+1: affairs 
topical+2: use 
topography+1: Form 
topography+2: knowledge 
topology+1: knowledge 
topology+2: result 
topple+1: FallDown 
topple+2: reverse 
torment+1: experience 
torment+2: MakeBad 
torpid+1: inactive 
torpid+2: NotQuick 
torpidity+1: inactive 
torpidity+2: paralyse 
torrent+1: RainSnow 
torrent+2: water 
torrid+1: ardent 
torrid+2: part 
torsion+1: Curvature 
torsion+2: Strength 
torture+1: fact 
torture+2: MakeBad 
Toshiba+1: computer 
Toshiba+2: InstitutePlace 
tot+1: DoSum 
tot+2: human 
total+1: Price 
total+2: wholly 
totalitarianism+1: system 
totalitarianism+2: thinking 
totally+1: extreme 
totally+2: FuncWord 
tottering+1: dangerous 
tottering+2: shaky 
touch+1: relate 
touch+2: touch 
tough+1: resolute 
tough+2: sturdy 
toughen+1: ize 
toughen+2: MakeBetter 
toughly+1: difficult 
toughly+2: durable 
toughness+1: Hardness 
toughness+2: sturdy 
tourbillion+1: tool 
tourbillion+2: wind 
tourism+1: affairs 
tourism+2: tour 
tow+1: delay 
tow+2: pull 
towel+1: tool 
towel+2: wipe 
towering+1: extreme 
towering+2: high 
toxic+1: chemical 
toxic+2: poisonous 
toxicant+1: chemical 
toxicant+2: physical 
Toyota+1: InstitutePlace 
Toyota+2: LandVehicle 
TPP+1: agreement 
TPP+2: part 
traces+1: part 
traces+2: trace 
tract+1: place 
tract+2: Unit 
traction+1: doctor 
traction+2: Strength 
tractor+1: LandVehicle 
tractor+2: machine 
tragedy+1: mishap 
tragedy+2: shows 
trailer+1: LandVehicle 
trailer+2: shows 
train+1: LandVehicle 
train+2: teach 
trajectory+1: image 
trajectory+2: route 
trammel+1: restrain 
trammel+2: tool 
tramp+1: damage 
tramp+2: human 
trampoline+1: fact 
trampoline+2: SportTool 
trance+1: attract 
trance+2: dizzy 
tranquil+1: peaceful 
tranquil+2: quiet 
tranquility+1: peaceful 
tranquility+2: quiet 
tranquilly+1: peaceful 
tranquilly+2: quiet 
transaction+1: affairs 
transaction+2: handle 
transcribe+1: copy 
transcribe+2: record 
transcription+1: copy 
transcription+2: readings 
transference+1: submit 
transference+2: transmit 
transfigure+1: AlterForm 
transfigure+2: FormChange 
transformation+1: alter 
transformation+2: change 
transgress+1: cross 
transgress+2: disobey 
transgression+1: disobey 
transgression+2: fact 
transition+1: Property 
transition+2: replace 
transitive+1: part 
transitive+2: transmit 
translate+1: alter 
translate+2: translate 
translator+1: human 
translator+2: software 
transliterate+1: translate 
transliterate+2: write 
transliteration+1: fact 
transliteration+2: translate 
transmission+1: disseminate 
transmission+2: submit 
transmit+1: disseminate 
transmit+2: submit 
transmute+1: alter 
transmute+2: change 
transpacific+1: cross 
transpacific+2: PropertyValue 
transparence+1: Clearness 
transparence+2: Publicity 
transparency+1: Clearness 
transparency+2: Publicity 
transparent+1: bright 
transparent+2: clear 
transparentness+1: Clearness 
transparentness+2: Publicity 
transplant+1: doctor 
transplant+2: planting 
transplantation+1: doctor 
transplantation+2: planting 
transportation+1: affairs 
transportation+2: transport 
transpose+1: alter 
transpose+2: reverse 
transposition+1: alter 
transposition+2: replace 
transudation+1: drain 
transudation+2: part 
trap+1: fix 
trap+2: plans 
trauma+1: disease 
trauma+2: emotion 
traumatic+1: disease 
traumatic+2: wounded 
travail+1: fact 
travail+2: labour 
travel+1: SelfMove 
travel+2: tour 
traverse+1: cross 
traverse+2: part 
travesty+1: please 
travesty+2: shows 
treacherous+1: dangerous 
treacherous+2: wicked 
treachery+1: betray 
treachery+2: fact 
tread+1: Distance 
tread+2: kick 
treadle+1: kick 
treadle+2: part 
treason+1: betray 
treason+2: fact 
treasure+1: like 
treasure+2: treasure 
treatment+1: doctor 
treatment+2: handle 
treble+1: add 
treble+2: many 
tree+1: image 
tree+2: tree 
trench+1: facilities 
trench+2: waters 
trenchant+1: accurate 
trenchant+2: profound 
trenchantly+1: accurate 
trenchantly+2: profound 
trend+1: Prospect 
trend+2: SocialMode 
trepidation+1: emotion 
trepidation+2: shiver 
triad+1: human 
triad+2: PropertyValue 
trial+1: judge 
trial+2: undergo 
triangle+1: image 
triangle+2: material 
tribune+1: fact 
tribune+2: place 
tribute+1: text 
tribute+2: tool 
trickery+1: deceive 
trickery+2: method 
tricky+1: difficult 
tricky+2: sly 
trifle+1: fact 
trifle+2: mock 
trig+1: MakeUp 
trig+2: unaffected 
trill+1: MakeSound 
trill+2: sound 
trimmer+1: human 
trimmer+2: tool 
triple+1: add 
triple+2: KindValue 
triumph+1: result 
triumph+2: win 
trivial+1: superficial 
trivial+2: trivial 
troll+1: fact 
troll+2: humanized 
trophy+1: artifact 
trophy+2: tool 
tropic+1: mark 
tropic+2: part 
trot+1: run 
trot+2: walk 
trouble+1: mishap 
trouble+2: phenomena 
troublesome+1: able 
troublesome+2: difficult 
trowel+1: apply 
trowel+2: tool 
truancy+1: cease 
truancy+2: escape 
truant+1: escape 
truant+2: human 
truck+1: LandVehicle 
truck+2: payment 
truculence+1: FondOf 
truculence+2: Friendliness 
truculent+1: FondOf 
truculent+2: strong 
true+1: earnest 
true+2: faithful 
truffle+1: AlgaeFungi 
truffle+2: food 
truism+1: text 
truism+2: Trueness 
trump+1: TakeAway 
trump+2: tool 
trumpery+1: insubstantial 
trumpery+2: tool 
truncate+1: break 
truncate+2: cut 
trundle+1: roll 
trundle+2: urge 
trunk+1: part 
trunk+2: tool 
truss+1: part 
truss+2: tool 
trustiness+1: Ability 
trustiness+2: faithful 
trustworthy+1: faithful 
trustworthy+2: honest 
trying+1: difficult 
trying+2: upset 
tube+1: part 
tube+2: shape 
tuft+1: NounUnit 
tuft+2: plant 
tug+1: pull 
tug+2: ship 
tumble+1: FallDown 
tumble+2: reverse 
tumbler+1: human 
tumbler+2: tool 
tumid+1: flighty 
tumid+2: swollen 
tumultuous+1: chaotic 
tumultuous+2: noisy 
tumultuously+1: bustling 
tumultuously+2: noisy 
Tunisian+1: human 
Tunisian+2: RelatingToCountry 
turbine+1: machine 
turbine+2: part 
turbulence+1: fact 
turbulence+2: gas 
turbulent+1: chaotic 
turbulent+2: fierce 
turf+1: expel 
turf+2: facilities 
turgidity+1: insubstantial 
turgidity+2: swollen 
Turkish+1: language 
Turkish+2: RelatingToCountry 
Turkmen+1: human 
Turkmen+2: language 
turn+1: shake 
turn+2: turn 
turner+1: human 
turner+2: tool 
turnery+1: artifact 
turnery+2: part 
turnip+1: part 
turnip+2: vegetable 
turnout+1: human 
turnout+2: Rate 
turquoise+1: green 
turquoise+2: inanimate 
tusk+1: bump 
tusk+2: part 
tussle+1: fight 
tussle+2: ize 
tutelage+1: TakeCare 
tutelage+2: teach 
tutorial+1: fittings 
tutorial+2: readings 
tutoring+1: fact 
tutoring+2: teach 
twaddle+1: talk 
twaddle+2: TalkNonsense 
tweet+1: announce 
tweet+2: InstitutePlace 
twice+1: ActUnitValue 
twice+2: many 
twig+1: look 
twig+2: part 
twilight+1: Scene 
twilight+2: time 
twill+1: image 
twill+2: material 
twin+1: double 
twin+2: IntimacyValue 
twinkle+1: CausePartMove 
twinkle+2: illuminate 
twinkling+1: bright 
twinkling+2: CausePartMove 
twist+1: rub 
twist+2: turn 
twit+1: human 
twit+2: mock 
twitch+1: phenomena 
twitch+2: twitch 
typewrite+1: TakeOutOfWater 
typewrite+2: write 
typification+1: ize 
typification+2: mean 
tyrannical+1: autocratic 
tyrannical+2: fierce 
tyrannically+1: autocratic 
tyrannically+2: fierce 
tyranny+1: fierce 
tyranny+2: Sensibleness 
Ugandan+1: human 
Ugandan+2: RelatingToCountry 
ugly+1: despicable 
ugly+2: ugly 
Uighur+1: human 
Uighur+2: language 
Uigur+1: human 
Uigur+2: language 
Ukrainian+1: human 
Ukrainian+2: language 
ulceration+1: disease 
ulceration+2: inflamed 
ulcerative+1: inflamed 
ulcerative+2: PropertyValue 
ultimate+1: last 
ultimate+2: part 
ultra+1: human 
ultra+2: over 
ultraist+1: human 
ultraist+2: thinking 
ultrasonic+1: shape 
ultrasonic+2: SpeedValue 
ultrasound+1: fact 
ultrasound+2: shape 
umbrella+1: protect 
umbrella+2: system 
unadorned+1: pure 
unadorned+2: thrifty 
unadulterated+1: extreme 
unadulterated+2: pure 
unanswered+1: alone 
unanswered+2: reply 
unapproachable+1: difficult 
unapproachable+2: unsociable 
unarguable+1: difficult 
unarguable+2: unable 
unasked+1: impossible 
unasked+2: undergo 
unassailable+1: able 
unassailable+2: sturdy 
unassured+1: fixed 
unassured+2: impossible 
unattractiveness+1: unattractive 
unattractiveness+2: unsightly 
unauthorised+1: undergo 
unauthorised+2: unqualified 
unauthorized+1: undergo 
unauthorized+2: unqualified 
unavoidably+1: FuncWord 
unavoidably+2: impossible 
unbalanced+1: balanced 
unbalanced+2: improper 
unbeatable+1: able 
unbeatable+2: impossible 
unbecoming+1: improper 
unbecoming+2: ungracious 
unbecomingly+1: unable 
unbecomingly+2: ungracious 
unbelievable+1: difficult 
unbelievable+2: impossible 
unblocked+1: CircumstancesValue 
unblocked+2: free 
unbrace+1: disconnect 
unbrace+2: WhileAway 
unbridled+1: fierce 
unbridled+2: indulge 
unbroken+1: continuous 
unbroken+2: PropertyValue 
unbutton+1: separate 
unbutton+2: StripOff 
uncivil+1: gracious 
uncivil+2: vulgar 
uncivilized+1: fierce 
uncivilized+2: unscholarly 
unclean+1: dirty 
unclean+2: spotless 
uncomely+1: ungracious 
uncomely+2: unsuitable 
uncommon+1: extraordinary 
uncommon+2: few 
unconquerable+1: able 
unconquerable+2: impossible 
unconscionable+1: GreaterThanNormal 
unconscionable+2: unreasonable 
unconscious+1: dizzy 
unconscious+2: ignorant 
unconstrained+1: free 
unconstrained+2: rash 
unconstraint+1: rash 
unconstraint+2: voluntary 
uncontrolled+1: undergo 
uncontrolled+2: unintentional 
unconventional+1: extraordinary 
unconventional+2: orthodox 
unconventionally+1: abnormal 
unconventionally+2: extraordinary 
uncouthness+1: fierce 
uncouthness+2: NotQuick 
uncover+1: announce 
uncover+2: reveal 
uncovered+1: CircumstancesValue 
uncovered+2: exposure 
uncrown+1: dismiss 
uncrown+2: remove 
unctuous+1: dishonest 
unctuous+2: Property 
uncultivated+1: unscholarly 
uncultivated+2: wild 
uncultured+1: unscholarly 
uncultured+2: vulgar 
undamaged+1: complete 
undamaged+2: flawless 
undaunted+1: brave 
undaunted+2: disheartened 
undeniable+1: impossible 
undeniable+2: unable 
under+1: beneath 
under+2: location 
underage+1: child 
underage+2: insufficient 
undercut+1: sell 
undercut+2: weaken 
underestimate+1: despise 
underestimate+2: estimate 
underhand+1: covert 
underhand+2: dishonest 
underhanded+1: covert 
underhanded+2: dishonest 
underlying+1: important 
underlying+2: location 
understand+1: pity 
understand+2: understand 
undersurface+1: location 
undersurface+2: part 
undervaluation+1: calculate 
undervaluation+2: estimate 
underworld+1: community 
underworld+2: place 
undesirable+1: human 
undesirable+2: impossible 
undeveloped+1: insufficient 
undeveloped+2: regressive 
undisciplined+1: indulge 
undisciplined+2: undisciplined 
undisclosed+1: covert 
undisclosed+2: StatusValue 
undisturbed+1: AtEase 
undisturbed+2: composed 
undress+1: clothing 
undress+2: StripOff 
undue+1: improper 
undue+2: over 
undulate+1: PartSelfMove 
undulate+2: wave 
undulation+1: QuantityChange 
undulation+2: wave 
unduly+1: improper 
unduly+2: over 
undutiful+1: docile 
undutiful+2: faithful 
unearth+1: dig 
unearth+2: reveal 
unemployed+1: human 
unemployed+2: lose 
unenlightened+1: uncouth 
unenlightened+2: unscholarly 
unequal+1: equal 
unequal+2: fair 
unequalled+1: impossible 
unequalled+2: unique 
unequivocal+1: lucid 
unequivocal+2: true 
unexpected+1: impossible 
unexpected+2: sudden 
unfailing+1: extensive 
unfailing+2: resolute 
unfamiliar+1: Notwellknown 
unfamiliar+2: unfamiliar 
unfashionable+1: fashionable 
unfashionable+2: unfashionable 
unfathomable+1: deep 
unfathomable+2: profound 
unfeasible+1: impossible 
unfeasible+2: unable 
unfertile+1: barren 
unfertile+2: unable 
unfinished+1: finish 
unfinished+2: incomplete 
unfit+1: disobey 
unfit+2: improper 
unfold+1: open 
unfold+2: unfold 
unfounded+1: fake 
unfounded+2: wrong 
unfreeze+1: resume 
unfreeze+2: StateChange 
unfrock+1: BeRecovered 
unfrock+2: discharge 
unfurl+1: open 
unfurl+2: unfold 
ungainly+1: cumbersome 
ungainly+2: NotQuick 
ungenerous+1: miser 
ungenerous+2: narrowminded 
ungrateful+1: grateful 
ungrateful+2: treacherous 
unhandy+1: cumbersome 
unhandy+2: inconvenient 
unhealthiness+1: Health 
unhealthiness+2: unhealthy 
unhurried+1: slow 
unhurried+2: unhurried 
unhurriedly+1: slow 
unhurriedly+2: unhurried 
unicorn+1: beast 
unicorn+2: humanized 
unicycle+1: LandVehicle 
unicycle+2: TakeVehicle 
unification+1: accordant 
unification+2: merge 
uniform+1: neat 
uniform+2: symmetrical 
unify+1: ally 
unify+2: merge 
unilateral+1: pieced 
unilateral+2: RangeValue 
unilateralist+1: human 
unilateralist+2: thinking 
unimaginative+1: stiff 
unimaginative+2: uninventive 
unimpeachable+1: impossible 
unimpeachable+2: noble 
unimpeded+1: CircumstancesValue 
unimpeded+2: free 
unimportant+1: ordinary 
unimportant+2: unimportant 
uninhibited+1: impossible 
uninhibited+2: rash 
uninspired+1: ordinary 
uninspired+2: uninventive 
uninterrupted+1: continuous 
uninterrupted+2: interrupted 
union+1: ally 
union+2: community 
unique+1: only 
unique+2: unique 
unison+1: accordant 
unison+2: sing 
unit+1: organization 
unit+2: Unit 
unite+1: ally 
unite+2: merge 
united+1: collective 
united+2: harmonious 
unity+1: merge 
unity+2: thing 
univalent+1: able 
univalent+2: PropertyValue 
universally+1: extensive 
universally+2: RoleValue 
universe+1: celestial 
universe+2: place 
unjust+1: biased 
unjust+2: unrighteous 
unkempt+1: dirty 
unkempt+2: sloppy 
unkind+1: benevolent 
unkind+2: miser 
unknown+1: Notwellknown 
unknown+2: undergo 
unlettered+1: human 
unlettered+2: unscholarly 
unlimited+1: extensive 
unlimited+2: free 
unmanageable+1: cumbersome 
unmanageable+2: difficult 
unmatched+1: able 
unmatched+2: impossible 
unmindful+1: careful 
unmindful+2: careless 
unmindfully+1: careful 
unmindfully+2: careless 
unmistakable+1: accurate 
unmistakable+2: lucid 
unnatural+1: affected 
unnatural+2: natural 
unnecessarily+1: FuncWord 
unnecessarily+2: unnecessary 
unnoticed+1: suffer 
unnoticed+2: unintentional 
unobservant+1: attentive 
unobservant+2: careless 
unoccupied+1: empty 
unoccupied+2: idle 
unorganized+1: individual 
unorganized+2: unattached 
unpack+1: dump 
unpack+2: open 
unparalleled+1: extreme 
unparalleled+2: unique 
unperturbed+1: calm 
unperturbed+2: composed 
unpresentable+1: LowRank 
unpresentable+2: unsightly 
unpretentious+1: modest 
unpretentious+2: thrifty 
unquestionable+1: FuncWord 
unquestionable+2: unable 
unquestionably+1: FuncWord 
unquestionably+2: impossible 
unreasonable+1: improper 
unreasonable+2: NotSensible 
unreasonably+1: improper 
unreasonably+2: NotSensible 
unreservedly+1: frank 
unreservedly+2: resolute 
unrestrainedly+1: free 
unrestrainedly+2: PropertyValue 
unrivalled+1: able 
unrivalled+2: unique 
unroll+1: open 
unroll+2: unfold 
unruffled+1: calm 
unruffled+2: composed 
unsatisfactory+1: incomplete 
unsatisfactory+2: unable 
unscrupulous+1: cautious 
unscrupulous+2: fierce 
unshackled+1: free 
unshackled+2: impossible 
unshakable+1: resolute 
unshakable+2: sturdy 
unsheltered+1: CircumstancesValue 
unsheltered+2: defend 
unsightly+1: ugly 
unsightly+2: unsightly 
unsophisticated+1: able 
unsophisticated+2: honest 
unsound+1: disadvantageous 
unsound+2: safe 
unspeakable+1: difficult 
unspeakable+2: unable 
unsteady+1: hesitate 
unsteady+2: shaky 
unsuitable+1: improper 
unsuitable+2: inconvenient 
unsurpassed+1: extreme 
unsurpassed+2: impossible 
unsymmetrical+1: asymmetrical 
unsymmetrical+2: GeoIrregular 
untamed+1: vulgar 
untamed+2: wild 
untidy+1: neat 
untidy+2: sloppy 
untie+1: disconnect 
untie+2: loosen 
untimely+1: early 
untimely+2: inconvenient 
untiring+1: constant 
untiring+2: diligent 
untouched+1: impossible 
untouched+2: indifferent 
untrammelled+1: free 
untrammelled+2: impossible 
unusually+1: special 
unusually+2: very 
unvanquishable+1: able 
unvanquishable+2: impossible 
unwarranted+1: fake 
unwarranted+2: fierce 
unwelcome+1: impossible 
unwelcome+2: indifferent 
unwell+1: cosy 
unwell+2: ill 
unwholesome+1: BadSocial 
unwholesome+2: disadvantageous 
unwieldiness+1: cumbersome 
unwieldiness+2: NotQuick 
unwieldy+1: cumbersome 
unwieldy+2: NotQuick 
unwind+1: unfold 
unwind+2: WhileAway 
unworkable+1: difficult 
unworkable+2: impossible 
unworthiness+1: despicable 
unworthiness+2: valueless 
unworthy+1: unable 
unworthy+2: valueless 
unyielding+1: resolute 
unyielding+2: stubborn 
up+1: FuncWord 
up+2: upper 
upbeat+1: Fate 
upbeat+2: optimistic 
upheaval+1: change 
upheaval+2: fact 
uphold+1: endorse 
uphold+2: obey 
uplift+1: excite 
uplift+2: MakeHigher 
upload+1: record 
upload+2: transmit 
upper+1: location 
upper+2: part 
uppermost+1: GreaterThanNormal 
uppermost+2: important 
upraise+1: MakeHigher 
upraise+2: resume 
uprightness+1: Rectitude 
uprightness+2: righteous 
uprise+1: GoUp 
uprise+2: uprise 
uprising+1: appear 
uprising+2: fact 
upriver+1: location 
upriver+2: upper 
uproar+1: cry 
uproar+2: fact 
uproarious+1: fact 
uproarious+2: noisy 
UPS+1: fact 
UPS+2: tool 
upturn+1: BeRecovered 
upturn+2: reverse 
upward+1: FuncWord 
upward+2: location 
upwards+1: location 
upwards+2: upper 
urine+1: excrement 
urine+2: excrete 
Uruguay+1: human 
Uruguay+2: place 
Uruguayan+1: human 
Uruguayan+2: RelatingToCountry 
usage+1: method 
usage+2: use 
use+1: method 
use+2: Role 
useless+1: valueless 
useless+2: waste 
uselessly+1: disadvantageous 
uselessly+2: useless 
usual+1: often 
usual+2: ordinary 
usually+1: often 
usually+2: ordinary 
usurious+1: GreaterThanNormal 
usurious+2: wealth 
usury+1: lend 
usury+2: money 
utensil+1: implement 
utensil+2: tool 
utility+1: Effectivity 
utility+2: institution 
utmost+1: Boundary 
utmost+2: extreme 
utter+1: complete 
utter+2: express 
Uygur+1: human 
Uygur+2: language 
Uzbek+1: language 
Uzbek+2: RelatingToCountry 
V+1: metal 
V+2: Unit 
vacant+1: empty 
vacant+2: undergo 
vacate+1: dump 
vacate+2: remove 
vaccination+1: doctor 
vaccination+2: fact 
vagabond+1: human 
vagabond+2: roam 
vagrant+1: human 
vagrant+2: roam 
vague+1: blurred 
vague+2: vague 
vaguely+1: blurred 
vaguely+2: vague 
vagueness+1: Lucidity 
vagueness+2: vague 
vain+1: ineffective 
vain+2: useless 
vale+1: crop 
vale+2: place 
valediction+1: farewell 
valediction+2: text 
valedictory+1: farewell 
valedictory+2: text 
valet+1: follow 
valet+2: human 
valiant+1: brave 
valiant+2: human 
validate+1: ExpressAgreement 
validate+2: prove 
valuableness+1: precious 
valuableness+2: Worth 
valuate+1: calculate 
valuate+2: estimate 
valuation+1: calculate 
valuation+2: estimate 
value+1: PayAttention 
value+2: Worth 
vane+1: part 
vane+2: tool 
vanish+1: disappear 
vanish+2: pass 
vanity+1: emotion 
vanity+2: furniture 
vapor+1: gas 
vapor+2: GoUp 
vaporize+1: disappear 
vaporize+2: GoUp 
vapourish+1: blurred 
vapourish+2: PropertyValue 
variant+1: different 
variant+2: Property 
variate+1: Property 
variate+2: symbol 
varied+1: NounUnit 
varied+2: various 
variegate+1: become 
variegate+2: ize 
variegated+1: become 
variegated+2: colored 
variety+1: Kind 
variety+2: thing 
varnish+1: MakeBetter 
varnish+2: material 
vassal+1: human 
vassal+2: place 
vastly+1: broad 
vastly+2: extensive 
vault+1: facilities 
vault+2: InstitutePlace 
vaulted+1: curved 
vaulted+2: round 
vectograph+1: image 
vectograph+2: shows 
vedio+1: image 
vedio+2: shows 
veer+1: alter 
veer+2: TurnRound 
veering+1: fact 
veering+2: TurnRound 
vegetable+1: food 
vegetable+2: part 
vegetables+1: part 
vegetables+2: vegetable 
vegetational+1: plant 
vegetational+2: PropertyValue 
vegetative+1: part 
vegetative+2: phenomena 
vehemence+1: ardent 
vehemence+2: Strength 
veil+1: HideTruth 
veil+2: tool 
veiled+1: covert 
veiled+2: vague 
velvety+1: fine 
velvety+2: polished 
venal+1: acquisitive 
venal+2: steal 
venerable+1: able 
venerable+2: cautious 
venereal+1: fact 
venereal+2: mating 
Venezuelan+1: human 
Venezuelan+2: RelatingToCountry 
ventilate+1: clean 
ventilate+2: dredge 
ventilation+1: clean 
ventilation+2: dredge 
verbal+1: FormValue 
verbal+2: part 
verbalize+1: describe 
verbalize+2: speak 
verbatim+1: accurate 
verbatim+2: ContentValue 
verbiage+1: text 
verbiage+2: use 
verdancy+1: green 
verdancy+2: naif 
verdant+1: exuberant 
verdant+2: green 
verdict+1: judge 
verdict+2: thought 
verdigris+1: chemical 
verdigris+2: green 
verge+1: BeNear 
verge+2: location 
verification+1: check 
verification+2: prove 
verify+1: check 
verify+2: prove 
vermin+1: bird 
vermin+2: human 
vernacular+1: language 
vernacular+2: native 
Versailles+1: InstitutePlace 
Versailles+2: place 
versatile+1: able 
versatile+2: human 
versatility+1: able 
versatility+2: Role 
verse+1: expression 
verse+2: text 
verticality+1: Property 
verticality+2: vertical 
very+1: alike 
very+2: very 
vessel+1: part 
vessel+2: ship 
vestal+1: chaste 
vestal+2: human 
vestige+1: part 
vestige+2: trace 
veteran+1: able 
veteran+2: human 
veto+1: prohibit 
veto+2: reject 
vex+1: MakeTrouble 
vex+2: MakeWorried 
vexation+1: emotion 
vexation+2: fact 
vexatious+1: able 
vexatious+2: difficult 
vexed+1: angry 
vexed+2: upset 
vibrant+1: bright 
vibrant+2: shiver 
vibrate+1: shake 
vibrate+2: shiver 
vibration+1: shake 
vibration+2: shiver 
vibrational+1: PropertyValue 
vibrational+2: shiver 
vicious+1: disadvantageous 
vicious+2: wicked 
viciously+1: fierce 
viciously+2: unfriendly 
vicissitude+1: fact 
vicissitude+2: RiseFall 
victimize+1: abandon 
victimize+2: use 
victory+1: result 
victory+2: win 
victual+1: edible 
victual+2: provide 
video+1: image 
video+2: TakePicture 
videotape+1: record 
videotape+2: tool 
vie+1: compete 
vie+2: HaveContest 
Vietnamese+1: human 
Vietnamese+2: language 
view+1: Scene 
view+2: standpoint 
vigil+1: check 
vigil+2: fact 
vigilance+1: aspiration 
vigilance+2: experience 
vigilant+1: clever 
vigilant+2: PayAttention 
villainous+1: despicable 
villainous+2: fierce 
villainy+1: fact 
villainy+2: fierce 
vine+1: crop 
vine+2: tree 
violent+1: BehaviorValue 
violent+2: fierce 
violently+1: fierce 
violently+2: strong 
violet+1: FlowerGrass 
violet+2: purple 
virgin+1: first 
virgin+2: human 
virginity+1: Chastity 
virginity+2: unmarried 
virility+1: Behavior 
virility+2: BehaviorValue 
virtual+1: abstract 
virtual+2: fake 
virtually+1: FuncWord 
virtually+2: true 
virtuoso+1: able 
virtuoso+2: human 
virtuous+1: benevolent 
virtuous+2: chaste 
virus+1: bacteria 
virus+2: software 
visceral+1: natural 
visceral+2: part 
visit+1: tour 
visit+2: visit 
vista+1: predict 
vista+2: Prospect 
visual+1: experience 
visual+2: PropertyValue 
visualisation+1: appear 
visualisation+2: forming 
visualise+1: forming 
visualise+2: think 
visualization+1: forming 
visualization+2: think 
visualize+1: forming 
visualize+2: predict 
vitriol+1: chemical 
vitriol+2: ize 
vitriolic+1: chemical 
vitriolic+2: unfriendly 
vituperate+1: ExpressAgainst 
vituperate+2: slander 
vivacious+1: joyful 
vivacious+2: strong 
vivaciously+1: strong 
vivaciously+2: sturdy 
vivid+1: interesting 
vivid+2: lucid 
vividly+1: interesting 
vividly+2: lucid 
vivification+1: Life 
vivification+2: MakeBetter 
vivify+1: CauseToLive 
vivify+2: MakeBetter 
vocal+1: music 
vocal+2: sound 
voice+1: SoundQuality 
voice+2: Style 
void+1: remove 
void+2: useless 
volleyball+1: fact 
volleyball+2: SportTool 
voluminous+1: big 
voluminous+2: many 
voluptuary+1: fact 
voluptuary+2: flighty 
voluptuousness+1: beautiful 
voluptuousness+2: lascivious 
vomit+1: medicine 
vomit+2: vomit 
vomitive+1: able 
vomitive+2: medicine 
voodoo+1: Ability 
voodoo+2: community 
vote+1: document 
vote+2: drop 
vow+1: swear 
vow+2: text 
vulcanization+1: handle 
vulcanization+2: ize 
vulcanize+1: handle 
vulcanize+2: ize 
vulgarisation+1: disseminate 
vulgarisation+2: ize 
vulgarise+1: disseminate 
vulgarise+2: ize 
vulgarity+1: vulgar 
vulgarity+2: Vulgarity 
vulgarization+1: disseminate 
vulgarization+2: ize 
vulgarize+1: disseminate 
vulgarize+2: ize 
wad+1: fill 
wad+2: NounUnit 
wade+1: SelfMove 
wade+2: walk 
waffle+1: food 
waffle+2: TalkNonsense 
waft+1: exhale 
waft+2: float 
wag+1: shake 
wag+2: speak 
wage+1: payment 
wage+2: TurnOn 
wager+1: HaveContest 
wager+2: wealth 
waggle+1: shake 
waggle+2: walk 
waist+1: clothing 
waist+2: part 
waken+1: awake 
waken+2: call 
walker+1: human 
walker+2: LandVehicle 
wall+1: facilities 
wall+2: part 
wallow+1: indulge 
wallow+2: jet 
wallpaper+1: decorate 
wallpaper+2: material 
walnut+1: fruit 
walnut+2: tree 
waltz+1: music 
waltz+2: recreation 
wan+1: be 
wan+2: grey 
wand+1: shape 
wand+2: tool 
wander+1: disloyal 
wander+2: roam 
wanton+1: human 
wanton+2: lascivious 
wantonly+1: lascivious 
wantonly+2: rash 
warble+1: cry 
warble+2: sound 
ward+1: part 
ward+2: place 
wardrobe+1: furniture 
wardrobe+2: tool 
ware+1: evade 
ware+2: implement 
warehouse+1: facilities 
warehouse+2: store 
wariness+1: aspiration 
wariness+2: PayAttention 
warm+1: ardent 
warm+2: warm 
warmer+1: facilities 
warmer+2: tool 
warmhearted+1: ardent 
warmhearted+2: intimate 
warmheartedly+1: ardent 
warmheartedly+2: intimate 
warmly+1: ardent 
warmly+2: hot 
warmth+1: experience 
warmth+2: warm 
warning+1: information 
warning+2: persuade 
warp+1: alter 
warp+2: material 
warrantee+1: document 
warrantee+2: human 
warranty+1: document 
warranty+2: guarantee 
wary+1: clever 
wary+2: doubt 
wash+1: moisten 
wash+2: wash 
washer+1: human 
washer+2: part 
washstand+1: furniture 
washstand+2: part 
wassail+1: congratulate 
wassail+2: joyful 
watchdog+1: institution 
watchdog+2: livestock 
watchful+1: PayAttention 
watchful+2: understand 
watchfulness+1: aspiration 
watchfulness+2: experience 
watchword+1: expression 
watchword+2: text 
watercolor+1: image 
watercolor+2: material 
watercolour+1: image 
watercolour+2: material 
watercourse+1: route 
watercourse+2: waters 
watershed+1: part 
watershed+2: time 
wattle+1: fittings 
wattle+2: part 
waver+1: hesitate 
waver+2: human 
wax+1: apply 
wax+2: excrement 
wayfaring+1: roam 
wayfaring+2: tour 
weapon+1: method 
weapon+2: weapon 
weather+1: weather 
weather+2: withstand 
weatherproof+1: able 
weatherproof+2: withstand 
weatherstrip+1: material 
weatherstrip+2: separate 
weave+1: part 
weave+2: produce 
web+1: internet 
web+2: part 
wedge+1: fix 
wedge+2: tool 
wee+1: excrete 
wee+2: small 
weeder+1: human 
weeder+2: machine 
weeds+1: FlowerGrass 
weeds+2: mark 
weedy+1: desolate 
weedy+2: exist 
weekly+1: FrequencyValue 
weekly+2: publications 
weft+1: part 
weft+2: tool 
Wei+1: surname 
Wei+2: waters 
weighting+1: fact 
weighting+2: symbol 
weighty+1: heavy 
weighty+2: important 
welcome+1: undergo 
welcome+2: welcome 
wellhead+1: location 
wellhead+2: part 
Welsh+1: language 
Welsh+2: place 
Wen+1: surname 
Wen+2: waters 
western+1: foreign 
Western+1: RelatingToCountry 
western+2: location 
Western+2: SourceValue 
wet+1: moisten 
wet+2: wet 
wetness+1: Dampness 
wetness+2: wet 
whale+1: beast 
whale+2: catch 
wham+1: beat 
wham+2: damage 
whatsis+1: artifact 
whatsis+2: thing 
wheeler+1: human 
wheeler+2: livestock 
whelk+1: fish 
whelk+2: phenomena 
whelp+1: animal 
whelp+2: reproduce 
where+1: FuncWord 
where+2: location 
whim+1: emotion 
whim+2: thought 
whimpering+1: LowVoice 
whimpering+2: weep 
whimsey+1: rash 
whimsey+2: thought 
whimsy+1: rash 
whimsy+2: thought 
whine+1: ExpressDissatisfaction 
whine+2: sound 
whip+1: beat 
whip+2: tool 
whipcord+1: material 
whipcord+2: straighten 
whipsaw+1: break 
whipsaw+2: tool 
whirlpool+1: phenomena 
whirlpool+2: water 
whisk+1: tool 
whisk+2: wipe 
whispering+1: LowVoice 
whispering+2: speak 
whistle+1: MakeSound 
whistle+2: sound 
white+1: Kind 
white+2: part 
whitewash+1: apply 
whitewash+2: beautify 
whiz+1: MakeSound 
whiz+2: sound 
whizz+1: MakeSound 
whizz+2: sound 
whole+1: complete 
whole+2: thing 
wholeness+1: thing 
wholeness+2: Wholeness 
wholesale+1: many 
wholesale+2: sell 
wholly+1: complete 
wholly+2: FuncWord 
whoredom+1: affairs 
whoredom+2: engage 
whorl+1: image 
whorl+2: part 
why+1: cause 
why+2: FuncWord 
wicked+1: despicable 
wicked+2: vicious 
wickedness+1: able 
wickedness+2: fact 
wicket+1: InstitutePlace 
wicket+2: part 
widen+1: AlterForm 
widen+2: enlarge 
width+1: Range 
width+2: Width 
wield+1: hold 
wield+2: manage 
wifelike+1: human 
wifelike+2: qualified 
wig+1: ExpressAgainst 
wig+2: tool 
wildcat+1: beast 
wildcat+2: manage 
wildly+1: fierce 
wildly+2: rash 
wildness+1: Source 
wildness+2: Strength 
will+1: aspiration 
will+2: FuncWord 
Wimbledon+1: fact 
Wimbledon+2: place 
win+1: obtain 
win+2: undergo 
wince+1: CausePartMove 
wince+2: GoBackward 
winch+1: machine 
winch+2: part 
wind+1: phenomena 
wind+2: tighten 
winding+1: curved 
winding+2: part 
windlass+1: machine 
windlass+2: part 
wingman+1: human 
wingman+2: weapon 
winnow+1: choose 
winnow+2: filter 
wintergreen+1: FlowerGrass 
wintergreen+2: tree 
wintry+1: cold 
wintry+2: indifferent 
wipe+1: remove 
wipe+2: wipe 
wireless+1: PerformanceValue 
wireless+2: tool 
wiretap+1: listen 
wiretap+2: tool 
witch+1: entice 
witch+2: human 
withdraw+1: remove 
withdraw+2: TakeBack 
withdrawal+1: remove 
withdrawal+2: TakeBack 
within+1: location 
within+2: time 
witness+1: human 
witness+2: perception 
wobble+1: walk 
wobble+2: wave 
woe+1: Circumstances 
woe+2: sorrowful 
wolf+1: beast 
wolf+2: eat 
womb+1: part 
womb+2: place 
wonderful+1: fantastic 
wonderful+2: interesting 
wonderfully+1: fantastic 
wonderfully+2: interesting 
wooden+1: PropertyValue 
wooden+2: wood 
woodwork+1: affairs 
woodwork+2: tool 
woody+1: exuberant 
woody+2: PropertyValue 
wool+1: material 
wool+2: part 
woolen+1: material 
woolen+2: part 
woollen+1: artifact 
woollen+2: part 
word+1: text 
word+2: use 
workmanship+1: Ability 
workmanship+2: Property 
works+1: InstitutePlace 
works+2: publications 
workshop+1: fact 
workshop+2: InstitutePlace 
world+1: community 
world+2: Environment 
worldly+1: ordinary 
worldly+2: place 
worried+1: upset 
worried+2: worried 
worsen+1: become 
worsen+2: decline 
worship+1: respect 
worship+2: salute 
worthy+1: noble 
worthy+2: precious 
wound+1: firing 
wound+2: location 
wow+1: praise 
wow+2: sound 
wrath+1: angry 
wrath+2: emotion 
wrench+1: tool 
wrench+2: turn 
wrestle+1: fact 
wrestle+2: fight 
wretch+1: expression 
wretch+2: human 
wriggle+1: crawl 
wriggle+2: rotate 
wring+1: coil 
wring+2: seek 
wrinkle+1: FormChange 
wrinkle+2: trace 
wrist+1: part 
wrist+2: plans 
wristband+1: fittings 
wristband+2: part 
write+1: compile 
write+2: write 
writhe+1: exercise 
writhe+2: rotate 
writing+1: text 
writing+2: trace 
writings+1: publications 
writings+2: text 
Wu+1: place 
Wu+2: surname 
Xian+1: place 
Xian+2: surname 
yacht+1: ship 
yacht+2: TakeVehicle 
yam+1: part 
yam+2: vegetable 
Yan+1: place 
Yan+2: surname 
Yao+1: human 
Yao+2: surname 
yawn+1: fact 
yawn+2: respire 
yeast+1: bacteria 
yeast+2: material 
yell+1: cry 
yell+2: sound 
Yellowstone+1: facilities 
Yellowstone+2: waters 
Yemeni+1: human 
Yemeni+2: RelatingToCountry 
Yi+1: land 
Yi+2: place 
yielding+1: gentle 
yielding+2: surrender 
Yin+1: place 
Yin+2: surname 
yoke+1: restrain 
yoke+2: tool 
youth+1: human 
youth+2: time 
yowl+1: cry 
yowl+2: sound 
Yu+1: place 
Yu+2: surname 
Yugoslavian+1: human 
Yugoslavian+2: RelatingToCountry 
Zairese+1: human 
Zairese+2: RelatingToCountry 
Zambian+1: human 
Zambian+2: RelatingToCountry 
zeal+1: earnest 
zeal+2: emotion 
zenith+1: Boundary 
zenith+2: part 
zero+1: Amount 
zero+2: cardinal 
zest+1: add 
zest+2: emotion 
zesty+1: FeelingByGood 
zesty+2: GoodTaste 
Zimbabwean+1: human 
Zimbabwean+2: RelatingToCountry 
Zionist+1: human 
Zionist+2: thinking 
zip+1: fasten 
zip+2: fittings 
zipper+1: fasten 
zipper+2: fittings 
zombi+1: human 
zombi+2: part 
zombie+1: human 
zombie+2: part 
zoom+1: BecomeMore 
zoom+2: VehicleGo 
zucchini+1: part 
zucchini+2: vegetable 
zymosis+1: disease 
zymosis+2: StateChange 


abbreviation+1: ize 
abbreviation+2: Name 
abbreviation+3: part 
abbreviation+4: subtract 
accept+1: accept 
accept+2: detain 
accept+3: exchange 
accept+4: receive 
accessory+1: human 
accessory+2: part 
accumulation+1: BecomeMore 
accumulation+2: ComeTogether 
accumulation+4: gather 
acknowledgement+1: admit 
acknowledgement+2: document 
acknowledgement+3: emotion 
acknowledgement+4: thank 
acoustics+1: Effectivity 
acoustics+2: knowledge 
acoustics+4: music 
acquire+1: add 
acquire+2: buy 
acquire+3: cultivate 
acquire+4: earn 
act+1: act 
act+2: conduct 
act+3: part 
act+4: perform 
addict+1: addict 
addict+2: human 
addict+4: indulge 
adjuvant+1: help 
adjuvant+2: human 
adjuvant+3: medicine 
adjuvant+4: secondary 
administration+1: affairs 
administration+2: human 
administration+3: institution 
administration+4: manage 
agent+1: chemical 
agent+2: human 
agree+1: agree 
agree+2: express 
agree+3: fit 
agree+4: MakeAppointment 
agreeable+1: able 
agreeable+3: accordant 
agreeable+4: harmonious 
Albanian+1: human 
Albanian+3: language 
Albanian+4: RelatingToCountry 
alert+1: clever 
alert+2: information 
alert+3: PayAttention 
alert+4: understand 
alien+1: different 
alien+2: human 
alien+4: humanized 
alight+1: GoDown 
alight+2: leave 
alight+3: StateChange 
all+1: all 
all+2: human 
all+3: thing 
all+4: wholly 
allowance+1: agree 
allowance+2: Amount 
allowance+3: Boundary 
allowance+4: indulge 
alternative+1: able 
alternative+3: choose 
alternative+4: result 
American+1: earth 
American+2: human 
American+3: PatternValue 
American+4: RelatingToCountry 
amphibian+1: able 
amphibian+2: aircraft 
amphibian+3: animal 
amphibian+4: LandVehicle 
amusement+1: emotion 
amusement+2: fact 
amusement+3: please 
amusement+4: recreation 
anchor+1: CeaseCauseTOMove 
anchor+2: human 
anchor+3: part 
anchor+4: stay 
angle+1: Angle 
angle+2: catch 
angle+3: image 
angle+4: seek 
anguish+1: emotion 
anguish+2: experience 
anguish+4: upset 
antecedent+1: early 
antecedent+2: fact 
antecedent+3: human 
antecedent+4: symbol 
anxiety+1: emotion 
anxiety+3: fact 
anxiety+4: worried 
appreciate+1: appreciate 
appreciate+2: BecomeMore 
appreciate+3: distinguish 
appreciate+4: estimate 
appreciation+1: appreciate 
appreciation+2: BecomeMore 
appreciation+3: emotion 
appreciation+4: estimate 
archive+1: document 
archive+2: facilities 
archive+3: InstitutePlace 
archive+4: store 
area+1: Area 
area+2: part 
argument+1: debate 
argument+2: information 
argument+3: reason 
argument+4: text 
arm+1: part 
arm+4: provide 
art+1: Ability 
art+2: affairs 
art+3: inanimate 
art+4: knowledge 
article+1: artifact 
article+2: part 
article+4: text 
aspect+1: Appearance 
aspect+2: Circumstances 
aspect+3: location 
aspect+4: part 
assign+1: dispatch 
assign+2: entrust 
assign+4: issue 
assignment+1: affairs 
assignment+3: appoint 
assignment+4: dispatch 
assistant+1: human 
associate+1: associate 
associate+2: connect 
associate+4: secondary 
association+1: associate 
association+2: community 
association+3: connect 
association+4: thing 
attendant+1: associate 
attendant+2: human 
attraction+1: Ability 
attraction+3: attract 
attraction+4: thing 
audience+1: human 
audience+4: location 
authority+1: human 
authority+2: institution 
authority+3: Power 
autograph+1: character 
autograph+2: sign 
autograph+4: text 
average+1: affairs 
average+2: Amount 
average+3: AmountTo 
average+4: average 
baby+1: animal 
baby+2: human 
baby+4: small 
back+1: part 
background+1: experience 
background+2: Intimacy 
background+3: part 
background+4: Relationship 
backward+1: backward 
backward+2: direction 
backward+3: hind 
backward+4: regressive 
bag+1: animal 
bag+2: NounUnit 
bag+3: obtain 
bag+4: tool 
bail+1: expenditure 
bail+2: guarantee 
bail+3: human 
bail+4: release 
ball+1: fact 
ball+2: part 
ball+3: shape 
ball+4: SportTool 
ballast+1: physical 
ballast+2: provide 
ballast+3: stone 
ballast+4: tool 
ban+1: discharge 
ban+2: law 
ban+3: prohibit 
band+1: community 
band+4: tool 
bang+1: beat 
bang+2: part 
bang+3: sound 
bank+1: block 
bank+2: facilities 
bank+3: fly 
bank+4: human 
barrel+1: load 
barrel+2: part 
barrel+3: tool 
barrel+4: Unit 
basement+1: facilities 
basement+2: part 
basement+4: room 
baton+1: shape 
baton+2: SportTool 
baton+3: tool 
batter+1: bump 
batter+2: damage 
batter+3: food 
batter+4: human 
beard+1: part 
beard+3: resist 
beard+4: tool 
beauty+1: beautiful 
beauty+2: Beauty 
beauty+4: human 
bed+1: furniture 
bed+2: location 
bed+3: part 
before+1: early 
before+2: location 
before+3: past 
before+4: time 
bell+1: sound 
bell+2: tool 
belly+1: FormChange 
belly+2: part 
benefit+1: Advantage 
benefit+2: benefit 
benefit+3: enjoy 
benefit+4: fact 
berth+1: arrange 
berth+2: CeaseCauseTOMove 
berth+3: facilities 
berth+4: location 
betray+1: betray 
betray+2: disloyal 
betray+3: disobey 
betray+4: exposure 
bit+1: image 
bit+2: NounUnit 
bit+3: part 
bitterness+1: mishap 
bitterness+2: phenomena 
bitterness+3: Taste 
bitterness+4: unfriendly 
blade+1: part 
blank+1: artifact 
blank+2: Content 
blank+3: pure 
blank+4: stupefied 
blazing+1: bright 
blazing+2: hot 
blazing+3: overt 
blazing+4: StateChange 
blemish+1: damage 
blemish+2: Demerit 
blemish+3: trace 
blend+1: mix 
blend+2: produce 
blend+3: StateChange 
blend+4: weave 
blind+1: CauseToDo 
blind+2: disable 
blind+3: fittings 
blind+4: rash 
blow+1: beat 
blow+2: excrete 
blow+3: exhale 
blush+1: AlterColor 
blush+2: Appearance 
blush+3: excited 
blush+4: red 
body+1: part 
body+3: physical 
body+4: thing 
bolt+1: flee 
bolt+2: grow 
bolt+3: part 
boost+1: endorse 
boost+2: MakeHigher 
boost+3: MoveItUp 
boost+4: ShowOff 
border+1: BeNear 
border+2: part 
bore+1: dig 
bore+2: Fineness 
bore+3: part 
bore+4: split 
boss+1: human 
both+1: double 
both+2: human 
both+3: thing 
both+4: wholly 
bottom+1: Color 
bottom+2: part 
bound+1: Boundary 
bound+3: Circumstances 
bound+4: jump 
boundary+1: Boundary 
boundary+2: mark 
boundary+4: part 
box+1: beat 
box+2: part 
box+3: tool 
brace+1: endorse 
brace+2: fittings 
brace+4: symbol 
breach+1: disobey 
breach+2: FormChange 
breach+3: location 
breach+4: part 
break+1: separate 
break+2: split 
break+4: time 
breath+1: gas 
breath+3: respire 
breath+4: wind 
breed+1: cultivate 
breed+2: foster 
breed+3: Kind 
breed+4: reproduce 
breeding+1: affairs 
breeding+2: Breeding 
breeding+3: mating 
breeding+4: reproduce 
bridge+1: bridge 
bridge+2: build 
bridge+3: enrich 
bridge+4: fact 
brink+1: Boundary 
brink+2: land 
brink+3: location 
brink+4: part 
broker+1: benefit 
broker+2: human 
broker+4: undertake 
brother+1: expression 
brother+2: human 
bruise+1: offend 
bruise+2: phenomena 
bruise+3: rub 
bruise+4: trace 
brush+1: fact 
brush+2: tool 
brush+4: wipe 
buffet+1: attack 
buffet+2: edible 
buffet+3: InstitutePlace 
bug+1: bacteria 
bug+2: Demerit 
bug+3: InsectWorm 
bug+4: listen 
bulge+1: AlterForm 
bulge+2: Form 
bulge+3: FormChange 
bulge+4: protruding 
bulk+1: AlterForm 
bulk+2: Amount 
bulk+3: Bulk 
bulk+4: FormChange 
bum+1: human 
bum+2: part 
bum+3: roam 
bum+4: slack 
bump+1: bump 
bump+2: CauseToMove 
bump+3: Form 
bump+4: shiver 
bundle+1: NounUnit 
bundle+3: shape 
bundle+4: tool 
burst+1: damage 
burst+2: FormChange 
burst+4: happen 
bust+1: image 
bust+2: InDebt 
bust+3: LookFor 
bust+4: Size 
butcher+1: human 
butcher+4: InstitutePlace 
by+1: FuncWord 
camouflage+1: clothing 
camouflage+2: ColorValue 
camouflage+3: method 
camp+1: community 
camp+2: facilities 
can+1: FuncWord 
can+4: NounUnit 
capacity+1: Ability 
capacity+3: Amount 
capacity+4: Volume 
capital+1: community 
capital+2: fund 
capital+3: important 
capital+4: place 
capsule+1: aircraft 
capsule+2: load 
capsule+3: part 
captain+1: human 
card+1: account 
card+2: document 
card+4: letter 
carriage+1: LandVehicle 
carriage+2: part 
carriage+4: Posture 
carrier+1: human 
carrier+3: InstitutePlace 
carrier+4: shape 
cascade+1: arrange 
cascade+2: flow 
cascade+3: part 
cascade+4: water 
case+1: Circumstances 
case+2: example 
case+3: fact 
case+4: part 
cash+1: exchange 
cash+2: fund 
cash+3: money 
cash+4: pay 
cell+1: facilities 
cell+2: part 
cell+4: room 
center+1: community 
center+2: human 
center+3: InstitutePlace 
center+4: location 
centre+1: InstitutePlace 
centre+2: location 
centre+4: part 
chancellor+1: human 
chant+1: cry 
chant+2: music 
chant+3: recite 
chant+4: text 
chapter+1: community 
chapter+2: NounUnit 
chapter+3: part 
charm+1: Ability 
charm+3: Appearance 
charm+4: attract 
charter+1: agreement 
charter+2: borrow 
charter+4: document 
chatter+1: human 
chatter+2: sound 
chatter+3: speak 
chatter+4: talk 
checkout+1: check 
checkout+2: part 
checkout+3: time 
checkout+4: undergo 
Chinese+1: human 
Chinese+3: language 
Chinese+4: PatternValue 
chirp+1: cry 
chirp+2: sound 
chisel+1: carve 
chisel+2: cheat 
chisel+3: dig 
chisel+4: tool 
choke+1: BlockUp 
choke+2: obstruct 
choke+3: pant 
choke+4: part 
chorus+1: community 
chorus+3: fact 
circuit+1: facilities 
circuit+2: part 
circuit+3: process 
circuit+4: shape 
circular+1: information 
circular+2: readings 
circular+3: round 
circular+4: text 
circumference+1: image 
circumference+2: Length 
circumference+4: shape 
clash+1: bump 
clash+2: fact 
clash+3: fight 
clash+4: quarrel 
clearness+1: clear 
clearness+2: Clearness 
clearness+3: lucid 
clearness+4: Lucidity 
clip+1: break 
clip+2: NounUnit 
clip+3: part 
clip+4: PutInOrder 
clog+1: BlockUp 
clog+2: fact 
clog+3: part 
clog+4: recreation 
closeness+1: approach 
closeness+2: emotion 
closeness+3: Intimacy 
closeness+4: intimate 
club+1: beat 
club+2: InstitutePlace 
club+3: part 
club+4: shape 
coach+1: human 
coach+3: LandVehicle 
coach+4: part 
code+1: document 
code+2: symbol 
collar+1: catch 
collar+2: part 
collar+3: PutOn 
collar+4: tool 
colour+1: AlterColor 
colour+2: Color 
colour+3: material 
colour+4: Property 
column+1: facilities 
column+3: part 
come+1: arrive 
come+2: come 
comfort+1: cosy 
comfort+2: emotion 
comfort+3: experience 
comfort+4: soothe 
commitment+1: detain 
commitment+2: emotion 
commitment+3: fact 
commitment+4: fund 
commute+1: alter 
commute+2: control 
commute+3: fact 
commute+4: TakeVehicle 
compact+1: concise 
compact+2: document 
compact+3: fast 
compact+4: refined 
compensation+1: expenditure 
compensation+2: fact 
compensation+3: recompense 
compensation+4: Role 
complement+1: chemical 
complement+2: enrich 
complement+4: part 
compose+1: compile 
compose+4: contain 
con+1: cheat 
con+3: human 
con+4: negative 
condition+1: cause 
condition+2: Circumstances 
condition+3: Health 
condition+4: restrain 
confer+1: discuss 
confer+2: grant 
conglomerate+1: assemble 
conglomerate+2: InstitutePlace 
conglomerate+3: stone 
conglomerate+4: various 
consideration+1: fact 
consideration+3: PayAttention 
consideration+4: regard 
consignment+1: artifact 
consignment+2: detain 
consignment+3: physical 
consignment+4: submit 
consummate+1: BestQuality 
consummate+2: fulfil 
consummate+3: ize 
consummate+4: MakeBetter 
consumption+1: Amount 
consumption+3: disease 
consumption+4: spend 
contact+1: associate 
contact+2: location 
contact+3: tool 
contact+4: touch 
content+1: Amount 
content+2: Content 
content+3: emotion 
content+4: satisfied 
conveyance+1: express 
conveyance+2: fact 
conveyance+3: transmit 
conveyance+4: transport 
core+1: location 
core+2: part 
corrugation+1: ize 
corrugation+2: part 
corrugation+3: shape 
corrugation+4: trace 
corrupt+1: entice 
corrupt+2: GiveAsGift 
corrupt+3: immoral 
corrupt+4: ize 
cotton+1: artifact 
cotton+2: crop 
cotton+4: material 
counsel+1: human 
counsel+2: persuade 
counsel+4: propose 
counsellor+1: human 
court+1: institution 
court+4: location 
cover+1: part 
cover+3: protect 
coverage+1: cover 
coverage+2: Range 
coverage+4: Rate 
craft+1: Ability 
craft+2: aircraft 
craft+3: knowledge 
craft+4: plan 
cramp+1: obstruct 
cramp+2: phenomena 
cramp+3: tool 
cramp+4: twitch 
crank+1: BadTemper 
crank+2: fittings 
crank+3: rotate 
crank+4: TurnOn 
cream+1: food 
cream+2: human 
cream+3: medicine 
cream+4: part 
credit+1: lend 
credit+2: money 
credit+3: part 
crew+1: human 
criminal+1: criminal 
criminal+2: engage 
criminal+3: guilty 
criminal+4: human 
critical+1: dangerous 
critical+2: important 
critical+4: serious 
crooked+1: curved 
crooked+2: disable 
crooked+3: dishonest 
crooked+4: slanted 
crumble+1: end 
crumble+2: FormChange 
crumble+3: OutOfOrder 
crumble+4: separate 
crust+1: BeRecovered 
crust+2: part 
cry+1: aspiration 
cry+2: cry 
cry+4: sound 
curve+1: CausePartMove 
curve+2: Curvature 
curve+3: place 
curve+4: round 
cutting+1: carve 
cutting+2: cut 
cutting+3: part 
cutting+4: sharp 
cylinder+1: image 
cylinder+2: part 
cylinder+4: shape 
cypher+1: AlterProperty 
cypher+2: human 
cypher+3: symbol 
cypher+4: translate 
dash+1: destroy 
dash+2: fact 
dash+3: GoForward 
dash+4: jet 
date+1: decide 
date+2: fact 
date+3: fruit 
date+4: meet 
dawdle+1: lavish 
dawdle+3: slack 
dawdle+4: walk 
dawn+1: happen 
dawn+2: lights 
dawn+3: time 
decree+1: announce 
decree+2: document 
decree+3: law 
decree+4: order 
dedication+1: donate 
dedication+2: emotion 
dedication+3: fact 
dedication+4: result 
deed+1: accomplishment 
deed+2: document 
deed+3: fact 
deed+4: result 
default+1: disappear 
default+2: disobey 
default+3: fund 
default+4: owe 
defile+1: part 
defile+2: place 
defile+3: pollute 
defile+4: route 
degenerate+1: BadSocial 
degenerate+2: become 
degenerate+3: BeRecovered 
degenerate+4: decline 
degree+1: Circumstances 
degree+2: Degree 
degree+3: Measurement 
degree+4: Status 
delicate+1: beautiful 
delicate+2: difficult 
delicate+3: frail 
delicate+4: gracious 
delight+1: emotion 
delight+2: fact 
delight+3: joyful 
delight+4: please 
den+1: house 
den+2: NounUnit 
den+3: place 
den+4: reside 
design+1: image 
design+2: Pattern 
design+3: plan 
design+4: plans 
desolate+1: desolate 
desolate+2: ize 
desolate+3: miserable 
desolate+4: wane 
development+1: appear 
development+2: CauseToAppear 
development+3: CauseToGrow 
development+4: change 
devil+1: expression 
devil+2: human 
devil+3: humanized 
dial+1: mark 
dial+2: part 
dial+4: tool 
diaphragm+1: part 
diaphragm+4: tool 
difference+1: distinguish 
difference+2: Divergence 
difference+3: result 
difference+4: Similarity 
difficulty+1: cause 
difficulty+2: Circumstances 
difficulty+3: Easiness 
difficulty+4: Effortfulness 
Dinar+1: money 
direction+1: direction 
direction+2: method 
direction+3: order 
direction+4: Prospect 
director+1: human 
discipline+1: Discipline 
discipline+2: part 
discipline+3: punish 
discipline+4: regulation 
discover+1: LookFor 
discover+2: perception 
discover+4: reveal 
disgrace+1: degrade 
disgrace+2: emotion 
disgrace+3: phenomena 
disgrace+4: PlayDown 
dishonour+1: disgraced 
dishonour+2: mating 
dishonour+3: PlayDown 
dishonour+4: refuse 
dispatch+1: dispatch 
dispatch+2: document 
dispatch+3: information 
dispatch+4: send 
dispute+1: debate 
dispute+2: Divergence 
dispute+3: fact 
dispute+4: refute 
distance+1: disconnect 
distance+2: Distance 
distend+1: enlarge 
distend+2: FormChange 
distend+4: StomachTrouble 
distillation+1: fact 
distillation+2: GoUp 
distillation+3: refine 
distort+1: alter 
distort+2: FormChange 
distort+3: OutOfOrder 
distort+4: turn 
distortion+1: alter 
distortion+2: BeBad 
distortion+3: OutOfOrder 
distortion+4: turn 
distribute+1: arrange 
distribute+2: issue 
distribution+1: fact 
distribution+2: issue 
distribution+4: phenomena 
dive+1: fact 
dive+2: GoDown 
division+1: DoSum 
division+2: Kind 
division+3: method 
division+4: NounUnit 
dock+1: facilities 
dock+3: location 
dock+4: pull 
domestically+1: artificial 
domestically+2: location 
domestically+3: native 
domestically+4: ordinary 
double+1: add 
double+2: BecomeMore 
double+3: double 
double+4: KindValue 
down+1: abandon 
down+2: destroy 
down+3: FuncWord 
down+4: OutOfOrder 
draft+1: part 
draft+2: text 
draft+4: write 
dream+1: aspiration 
dream+2: cherish 
dream+3: dream 
dream+4: perception 
dress+1: Attire 
dress+2: clothing 
dress+4: decorate 
drive+1: Strength 
drive+4: transmit 
drone+1: aircraft 
drone+2: human 
drone+3: InsectWorm 
drone+4: sound 
dub+1: compile 
dub+2: MakeSound 
dub+3: naming 
dub+4: translate 
dump+1: dump 
dump+2: facilities 
dump+3: reverse 
dump+4: sell 
dusk+1: lights 
dusk+2: Scene 
dusk+3: time 
dynamic+1: active 
dynamic+2: SituationValue 
dynamic+3: strong 
dynamic+4: sturdy 
ear+1: grow 
ear+2: part 
eat+1: bite 
eat+2: damage 
eat+3: eat 
echo+1: CauseToDo 
echo+2: information 
echo+3: MakeSound 
echo+4: obey 
edition+1: ActUnit 
edition+2: Kind 
edition+3: readings 
edition+4: thing 
either+1: double 
either+2: FuncWord 
either+4: thing 
elasticity+1: Adaptability 
elasticity+2: Performance 
elasticity+3: Strength 
elasticity+4: Tightness 
element+1: component 
element+2: human 
element+3: part 
elevation+1: Circumstances 
elevation+2: Height 
elevation+4: image 
enclosure+1: include 
enclosure+2: part 
enclosure+4: surround 
encounter+1: fact 
encounter+3: fight 
encounter+4: meet 
end+1: location 
end+2: part 
endorsement+1: agree 
endorsement+2: endorse 
engineer+1: human 
engineer+4: plan 
entrance+1: attract 
entrance+2: CauseToDo 
entrance+3: GoInto 
entrance+4: location 
entry+1: GoInto 
entry+2: location 
entry+3: part 
envy+1: admire 
envy+2: emotion 
envy+3: jealous 
envy+4: ShowLove 
equal+1: alike 
equal+2: equal 
equal+4: fair 
erect+1: build 
erect+2: CauseToMoveInDirection 
erect+3: install 
erect+4: put 
establishment+1: establish 
establishment+2: facilities 
establishment+3: forming 
establishment+4: institution 
exchange+1: communicate 
exchange+2: exchange 
exchange+4: InstitutePlace 
exercise+1: conduct 
exercise+2: drill 
exercise+4: exercise 
exhaust+1: excrete 
exhaust+2: exhaust 
exhaust+3: quote 
exhaust+4: tool 
exhibition+1: display 
exhibition+2: fact 
exhibition+4: InstitutePlace 
explosion+1: BecomeMore 
explosion+2: fact 
explosion+3: FormChange 
explosion+4: happen 
exterior+1: Appearance 
exterior+2: location 
exterior+3: part 
exterior+4: Scene 
extra+1: add 
extra+2: expenditure 
extra+3: human 
extra+4: many 
eye+1: experience 
eye+2: location 
eye+3: look 
eye+4: part 
face+1: Appearance 
face+2: Countenance 
face+3: facing 
face+4: part 
fail+1: decline 
fail+2: fail 
fail+4: OutOfOrder 
fair+1: equal 
fair+2: fact 
fair+3: fair 
fair+4: InstitutePlace 
faith+1: emotion 
faith+3: experience 
faith+4: standpoint 
fall+1: become 
fall+2: BecomeLess 
fall+3: FallDown 
fall+4: GoDown 
family+1: family 
family+2: group 
family+3: human 
family+4: NounUnit 
fan+1: human 
fan+4: incite 
farm+1: affairs 
farm+2: engage 
farm+4: InstitutePlace 
fatness+1: fat 
fatness+2: Fatness 
fatness+4: part 
fault+1: Demerit 
fault+2: Disadvantage 
fault+3: ExpressAgainst 
fault+4: part 
favour+1: agree 
favour+2: emotion 
feast+1: edible 
feast+3: entertain 
feast+4: fact 
fen+1: land 
fen+2: Unit 
fever+1: fever 
fever+2: phenomena 
fever+3: StateChange 
fever+4: Temperature 
fight+1: endeavour 
fight+2: fact 
fighter+1: human 
fighter+4: weapon 
file+1: accuse 
file+2: AlterForm 
file+3: document 
file+4: record 
fill+1: BeFull 
fill+2: CauseToExist 
fill+3: exist 
fill+4: fill 
filter+1: filter 
filter+2: part 
filter+3: tool 
finance+1: affairs 
finance+3: knowledge 
finance+4: provide 
firm+1: durable 
firm+2: InstitutePlace 
firm+3: resolute 
firm+4: steady 
flag+1: communicate 
flag+2: draw 
flag+3: mark 
flag+4: tool 
flap+1: beat 
flap+2: CausePartMove 
flap+3: part 
flap+4: shake 
flattery+1: fact 
flattery+2: help 
flattery+3: please 
flattery+4: text 
flavour+1: adjust 
flavour+2: Odor 
flavour+3: Property 
flavour+4: Taste 
flood+1: exist 
flood+2: GoUp 
flood+3: mishap 
flood+4: spill 
floor+1: Boundary 
floor+2: frighten 
floor+3: part 
flourish+1: pregnant 
flourish+2: prosper 
flourish+4: shake 
flower+1: FlowerGrass 
flower+2: part 
flower+3: pregnant 
flower+4: time 
fly+1: drive 
fly+2: fly 
fly+4: InsectWorm 
focus+1: adjust 
focus+2: assemble 
focus+3: location 
focus+4: part 
foot+1: part 
foot+3: Unit 
for+1: FuncWord 
Ford+1: human 
Ford+2: InstitutePlace 
Ford+3: LandVehicle 
Ford+4: Name 
forfeit+1: abandon 
forfeit+2: expenditure 
forfeit+3: lose 
formula+1: document 
formula+2: drinks 
formula+3: expression 
formula+4: law 
fragment+1: inanimate 
fragment+2: part 
freeze+1: cool 
freeze+2: perception 
freeze+3: restrain 
freeze+4: StateChange 
French+1: human 
French+2: language 
French+3: PatternValue 
French+4: RelatingToCountry 
from+1: FuncWord 
fun+1: emotion 
fun+2: fact 
fun+4: interesting 
furrow+1: land 
furrow+2: part 
furrow+3: trace 
fury+1: emotion 
fury+4: Strength 
future+1: future 
future+2: Prospect 
future+3: time 
gallant+1: dignified 
gallant+2: human 
gallant+4: magnificent 
game+1: compete 
game+2: fact 
gap+1: Disadvantage 
gap+2: location 
gap+3: split 
gap+4: time 
gathering+1: ComeTogether 
gathering+2: fact 
gathering+3: gather 
gear+1: alter 
gear+2: part 
gear+4: tool 
general+1: general 
general+2: human 
general+3: primary 
general+4: public 
generation+1: appear 
generation+2: Clan 
German+1: human 
German+2: language 
German+3: PatternValue 
German+4: RelatingToCountry 
gift+1: Ability 
gift+2: artifact 
gift+3: GiveAsGift 
gift+4: physical 
girth+1: GoRound 
girth+2: Length 
girth+3: Size 
girth+4: tool 
globe+1: earth 
globe+2: place 
globe+4: shape 
good+1: able 
good+2: Advantage 
good+3: advantageous 
good+4: benevolent 
gore+1: bump 
gore+2: part 
gorge+1: eat 
gorge+2: land 
gorge+4: part 
gossip+1: information 
gossip+2: talk 
gossip+3: TalkNonsense 
gossip+4: text 
governor+1: human 
governor+4: tool 
grab+1: hold 
grab+2: occupy 
grab+4: rob 
grade+1: classify 
grade+2: estimate 
grade+3: part 
grade+4: PutInOrder 
grain+1: crop 
grain+2: material 
grain+3: part 
grease+1: material 
grease+3: part 
grease+4: waste 
groove+1: carve 
groove+2: land 
groove+3: regulation 
groove+4: shape 
guidance+1: control 
guidance+2: direction 
guidance+3: guide 
guidance+4: order 
guide+1: guide 
guide+2: human 
gully+1: dig 
gully+2: land 
gully+4: waters 
gum+1: excrement 
gum+2: material 
gum+4: part 
gun+1: firing 
gun+2: part 
gun+3: weapon 
hack+1: break 
hack+2: damage 
hack+3: method 
hack+4: pant 
hand+1: human 
hand+2: part 
harvest+1: gather 
harvest+2: phenomena 
harvest+4: result 
hawk+1: bird 
hawk+2: clean 
hawk+3: cry 
hawk+4: disseminate 
head+1: guide 
head+2: human 
head+4: image 
heap+1: BecomeMore 
heap+2: NounUnit 
heap+3: put 
heap+4: shape 
hearing+1: Ability 
hearing+2: fact 
hearing+4: information 
heat+1: knowledge 
heat+2: Strength 
heat+3: Temperature 
heat+4: WarmUp 
height+1: Height 
height+2: location 
height+3: part 
height+4: Stature 
heighten+1: add 
heighten+2: AlterForm 
heighten+3: MakeBetter 
heighten+4: MakeHigher 
hey+1: expression 
honour+1: exchange 
honour+2: Glory 
honour+3: obey 
honour+4: respect 
hoop+1: part 
hoop+2: shape 
hoop+3: tighten 
hoop+4: tool 
house+1: contain 
house+2: detain 
house+3: house 
how+1: DegreeValue 
how+2: FuncWord 
hump+1: CausePartMove 
hump+2: Form 
hump+3: land 
hump+4: part 
hurt+1: beat 
hurt+2: CauseToDo 
hurt+3: damage 
hurt+4: offend 
husk+1: part 
husk+3: StripOff 
illusion+1: experience 
illusion+2: phenomena 
illusion+3: Scene 
illusion+4: thought 
implication+1: contain 
implication+2: fact 
implication+3: information 
implication+4: Intimacy 
in+1: FuncWord 
in+4: location 
inauguration+1: begin 
inauguration+2: fact 
incense+1: irritate 
incense+2: NounUnit 
incense+3: spread 
incense+4: tool 
inclination+1: emotion 
inclination+2: image 
inclination+3: Prospect 
inclination+4: tilt 
increase+1: add 
increase+2: BecomeMore 
increase+4: MakeHigher 
index+1: classify 
index+2: document 
index+3: symbol 
indication+1: information 
indication+3: mean 
indication+4: Performance 
inebriate+1: CauseToDo 
inebriate+2: dizzy 
inebriate+3: entice 
inebriate+4: excited 
infuse+1: cook 
infuse+2: feed 
infuse+3: soak 
infuse+4: teach 
infusion+1: cook 
infusion+2: feed 
infusion+3: medicine 
infusion+4: soak 
initiative+1: active 
initiative+2: Activeness 
initiative+3: aspiration 
initiative+4: text 
inmate+1: human 
inspector+1: human 
interest+1: Advantage 
interest+2: emotion 
interest+3: Interest 
interest+4: wealth 
interior+1: facilities 
interior+2: land 
interior+3: location 
intermediary+1: human 
intermediary+3: physical 
intermission+1: cease 
intermission+2: Distance 
intermission+4: time 
intersection+1: BeAcross 
intersection+2: location 
interval+1: Distance 
interval+3: time 
interview+1: fact 
interview+3: investigate 
interview+4: talk 
intoxicate+1: CauseToDo 
intoxicate+2: entice 
intoxicate+3: excite 
intoxicate+4: joyful 
introduce+1: CauseToDo 
introduce+3: guide 
inundation+1: mishap 
inundation+2: spill 
inundation+4: water 
inventory+1: account 
inventory+2: Amount 
inventory+3: artifact 
inventory+4: quote 
invigoration+1: CauseToLive 
invigoration+2: Life 
invigoration+3: MakeBetter 
invigoration+4: urge 
involvement+1: duty 
involvement+2: engage 
involvement+4: experience 
iron+1: AlterForm 
iron+2: metal 
iron+3: press 
Italian+1: human 
Italian+2: language 
Italian+3: PatternValue 
Italian+4: RelatingToCountry 
item+1: fact 
item+2: Kind 
item+4: part 
itself+1: animal 
itself+2: human 
itself+3: inanimate 
Japanese+1: human 
Japanese+2: language 
Japanese+3: PatternValue 
Japanese+4: RelatingToCountry 
job+1: affairs 
job+4: engage 
joke+1: fact 
joke+2: information 
joke+3: tease 
joke+4: text 
judiciary+1: human 
judiciary+2: institution 
judiciary+3: law 
judiciary+4: part 
jumble+1: damage 
jumble+2: ize 
jumble+3: merge 
jumble+4: phenomena 
junior+1: elementary 
junior+2: human 
junior+3: junior 
junior+4: LowRank 
kamikaze+1: human 
kamikaze+3: part 
kamikaze+4: weapon 
kernel+1: part 
kernel+4: reproduce 
kid+1: deceive 
kid+2: human 
kid+4: livestock 
Korean+1: human 
Korean+2: language 
Korean+4: RelatingToCountry 
labour+1: affairs 
labour+2: Amount 
labour+3: do 
labour+4: human 
lad+1: human 
land+1: arrive 
land+3: land 
lane+1: part 
lane+3: route 
lapse+1: BecomeLess 
lapse+2: BeRecovered 
lapse+3: pass 
lapse+4: result 
last+1: exhaust 
last+2: FuncWord 
last+3: GoOn 
last+4: last 
late+1: AgeValue 
late+2: die 
late+3: late 
late+4: past 
lather+1: appear 
lather+2: apply 
lather+3: gas 
lather+4: shape 
laurel+1: FlowerGrass 
laurel+2: mark 
laurel+3: reward 
laurel+4: tree 
layer+1: bird 
layer+2: part 
league+1: ally 
league+2: community 
leak+1: exposure 
leak+2: leak 
lecture+1: ExpressAgainst 
lecture+2: fact 
lecture+3: speak 
lecture+4: teach 
leech+1: doctor 
leech+2: human 
leech+3: InsectWorm 
leg+1: human 
leg+2: part 
leggings+1: clothing 
leggings+4: fittings 
length+1: Distance 
length+2: Length 
length+4: TimeLength 
liberal+1: advantageous 
liberal+2: Behavior 
liberal+3: erudite 
liberal+4: generous 
life+1: fact 
life+2: Life 
life+3: Living 
life+4: RiseFall 
lighting+1: facilities 
lighting+2: fact 
lighting+3: illuminate 
lighting+4: lights 
liquidate+1: estimate 
liquidate+2: fulfil 
liquidate+3: remove 
liquidate+4: return 
liquidation+1: estimate 
liquidation+2: fulfil 
liquidation+3: remove 
liquidation+4: sell 
load+1: Amount 
load+2: artifact 
load+3: duty 
load+4: feed 
loan+1: expression 
loan+2: lend 
loan+4: money 
lock+1: fix 
lock+2: NounUnit 
lock+3: part 
lock+4: tool 
loop+1: bend 
loop+2: image 
loop+3: part 
loop+4: tool 
loss+1: defeated 
loss+2: fact 
loss+3: InDebt 
loss+4: lose 
lot+1: Amount 
lot+2: Fate 
lot+3: gamble 
lot+4: Intimacy 
lover+1: human 
low+1: beneath 
low+2: Boundary 
low+3: despicable 
low+4: LessThanNormal 
Lu+1: metal 
Lu+2: place 
Lu+3: surname 
Lu+4: waters 
lust+1: aspiration 
lust+3: emotion 
lust+4: expect 
magic+1: Ability 
magic+2: method 
magic+3: queer 
magic+4: shows 
maiden+1: first 
maiden+2: human 
main+1: important 
main+2: part 
main+4: primary 
maintenance+1: affairs 
maintenance+2: expenditure 
maintenance+3: keep 
maintenance+4: maintain 
man+1: control 
man+2: expression 
man+3: human 
manage+1: fulfil 
manage+2: handle 
manage+4: manage 
manifold+1: many 
manifold+2: NounUnit 
manifold+3: produce 
manifold+4: various 
manner+1: Bearing 
manner+2: Behavior 
manner+4: Demeanor 
marine+1: human 
marine+2: location 
marine+3: part 
marine+4: waters 
mark+1: commemorate 
mark+2: draw 
mark+4: estimate 
marrow+1: part 
marrow+4: vegetable 
marshal+1: guide 
marshal+2: human 
marshal+4: PutInOrder 
masculine+1: BehaviorValue 
masculine+2: Kind 
masculine+3: male 
masculine+4: masculine 
mask+1: cover 
mask+2: fact 
mask+3: physical 
mask+4: pretend 
masquerade+1: engage 
masquerade+2: fact 
masquerade+4: MakeUp 
mat+1: put 
mat+2: tool 
mat+4: undergo 
match+1: equal 
match+2: fact 
match+3: fit 
match+4: human 
mate+1: human 
mate+4: mating 
material+1: InfoElement 
material+2: material 
maudlin+1: AptTo 
maudlin+2: emotion 
maudlin+3: frail 
maudlin+4: passionate 
medium+1: InfoCarrier 
medium+3: intermediate 
medium+4: medium 
membership+1: Attachment 
membership+3: human 
membership+4: Status 
memorial+1: artifact 
memorial+2: document 
memorial+4: facilities 
mess+1: edible 
mess+2: food 
mess+4: MakeTrouble 
milk+1: drinks 
milk+2: feed 
milk+3: gather 
milk+4: part 
mill+1: cut 
mill+2: house 
mill+3: InstitutePlace 
mill+4: tool 
mine+1: dig 
mine+2: gather 
mine+3: human 
mine+4: InstitutePlace 
minimum+1: elementary 
minimum+2: LessThanNormal 
minimum+3: nonextensive 
minimum+4: small 
minor+1: human 
minor+2: knowledge 
minor+3: music 
minor+4: secondary 
minute+1: detailed 
minute+2: small 
minute+3: text 
minute+4: time 
mire+1: GoDown 
mire+2: place 
mire+3: stone 
mission+1: affairs 
mission+2: community 
mission+4: institution 
moat+1: facilities 
moat+4: location 
mode+1: Behavior 
mode+2: Kind 
mode+3: method 
mode+4: Style 
mole+1: beast 
mole+2: facilities 
mole+3: human 
mole+4: part 
moment+1: Strength 
moment+3: time 
monitor+1: human 
monitor+2: part 
monitor+3: supervise 
monitor+4: tool 
mood+1: Circumstances 
mood+2: emotion 
mood+3: Kind 
mood+4: Property 
mortar+1: material 
mortar+3: tool 
mortar+4: weapon 
mortgage+1: borrow 
mortgage+2: money 
mortgage+3: pawn 
mortgage+4: physical 
most+1: extreme 
most+2: many 
most+4: most 
moult+1: lose 
moult+3: replace 
mouse+1: beast 
mouse+2: human 
mouse+3: LookFor 
mouse+4: part 
mouthpiece+1: human 
mouthpiece+2: part 
mouthpiece+3: SportTool 
mouthpiece+4: tool 
mud+1: pollute 
mud+2: stone 
multiply+1: add 
multiply+2: DoSum 
multiply+3: reproduce 
municipal+1: AttachmentValue 
municipal+2: fact 
municipal+3: local 
municipal+4: place 
murmur+1: MakeSound 
murmur+2: sound 
mustard+1: gas 
mustard+2: material 
mustard+3: part 
mustard+4: vegetable 
name+1: Name 
narrative+1: able 
narrative+2: fact 
narrative+3: text 
nature+1: Behavior 
nature+2: humanized 
nature+3: NaturalThing 
nature+4: Property 
Nauru+1: language 
Nauru+2: place 
Nauru+4: RelatingToCountry 
need+1: aspiration 
need+2: FuncWord 
need+3: lack 
need+4: need 
negative+1: Amount 
negative+2: negative 
newcomer+1: human 
node+1: disease 
node+2: location 
node+4: part 
nook+1: location 
note+1: SoundVolume 
note+2: symbol 
note+3: text 
nucleus+1: important 
nucleus+2: part 
nurse+1: cherish 
nurse+2: feed 
nurse+3: human 
nut+1: gather 
nut+2: part 
object+1: oppose 
object+2: part 
object+3: physical 
object+4: purpose 
obscure+1: blurred 
obscure+2: ize 
obscure+3: Notwellknown 
obscure+4: vague 
oddity+1: fact 
oddity+2: Habit 
oddity+3: thing 
oddity+4: treasure 
offensive+1: able 
offensive+2: attack 
offensive+3: cacophonic 
offensive+4: fact 
official+1: formal 
official+2: human 
official+4: public 
offspring+1: beast 
offspring+2: bird 
offspring+3: human 
offspring+4: part 
on+1: FuncWord 
once+1: ActUnit 
once+2: ActUnitValue 
once+3: FuncWord 
once+4: past 
operate+1: control 
operate+2: doctor 
operate+3: fight 
operate+4: function 
opposite+1: backward 
opposite+2: DirectioningValue 
opposite+3: expression 
opposite+4: part 
orator+1: human 
order+1: buy 
order+2: document 
order+3: group 
order+4: order 
orderliness+1: Behavior 
orderliness+2: Consistency 
orderliness+3: neat 
orderliness+4: Sequence 
orderly+1: human 
orderly+3: InSequence 
orderly+4: neat 
origin+1: Lineage 
origin+2: part 
origin+4: place 
outlet+1: fittings 
outlet+2: InstitutePlace 
outlet+3: location 
outlet+4: route 
overall+1: clothing 
overall+3: FuncWord 
overall+4: overall 
pace+1: Distance 
pace+2: measure 
pace+3: Posture 
pace+4: Speed 
packing+1: load 
packing+2: material 
packing+4: Packing 
page+1: LookFor 
page+2: naming 
page+3: NounUnit 
page+4: part 
pair+1: establish 
pair+2: human 
pair+3: mating 
pair+4: NounUnit 
panel+1: inlay 
panel+2: part 
paper+1: decorate 
paper+2: material 
paper+3: publications 
paper+4: text 
parallel+1: double 
parallel+2: mark 
parallel+3: relevant 
parallel+4: simultaneous 
particular+1: extraordinary 
particular+2: part 
particular+3: special 
particular+4: specific 
partisan+1: army 
partisan+2: community 
partisan+3: human 
pass+1: part 
pass+3: pass 
pass+4: qualified 
passage+1: cross 
passage+2: Distance 
passage+3: GoThrough 
passage+4: NounUnit 
passion+1: aspiration 
passion+2: emotion 
patch+1: artifact 
patch+2: NounUnit 
patch+3: part 
patch+4: repair 
patron+1: human 
pay+1: CauseToDo 
pay+2: pay 
perfume+1: apply 
perfume+2: material 
perfume+3: Odor 
perfume+4: spread 
period+1: phenomena 
period+2: symbol 
period+3: time 
periphery+1: location 
periphery+2: part 
Peso+1: money 
petition+1: accuse 
petition+2: document 
petition+3: fact 
petition+4: information 
petitioner+1: human 
physical+1: AttachmentValue 
physical+2: concrete 
physical+3: knowledge 
physical+4: Strength 
picket+1: defend 
picket+2: human 
picture+1: describe 
picture+2: image 
piece+1: NounUnit 
piece+3: part 
piece+4: produce 
pile+1: NounUnit 
pile+2: part 
pile+4: put 
pinnacle+1: Circumstances 
pinnacle+2: part 
pioneer+1: cultivate 
pioneer+2: human 
pioneer+4: start 
pipe+1: material 
pipe+2: part 
pipe+4: shape 
pirate+1: human 
pirate+2: print 
pirate+4: readings 
pitch+1: facilities 
pitch+2: material 
pitch+3: place 
pitch+4: PropUp 
pith+1: part 
plane+1: aircraft 
plane+2: AlterForm 
plane+3: image 
plane+4: level 
plant+1: install 
plant+2: InstitutePlace 
plant+3: plant 
plant+4: planting 
platform+1: facilities 
play+1: recreation 
play+2: RegardAs 
play+3: shows 
play+4: TakeAway 
player+1: human 
plot+1: draw 
plot+2: fact 
plot+3: part 
plot+4: plan 
pluck+1: choose 
pluck+2: Courage 
pluck+3: gather 
pluck+4: recreation 
plug+1: fittings 
plug+2: insert 
plug+3: part 
plunder+1: artifact 
plunder+3: rob 
plunge+1: fact 
plunge+2: fund 
plunge+3: GoDown 
plunge+4: put 
plus+1: Amount 
plus+2: DoSum 
plus+3: Merit 
plus+4: over 
police+1: defend 
police+2: institution 
police+4: part 
pool+1: community 
pool+2: fact 
pool+3: gather 
pool+4: waters 
positive+1: Amount 
positive+2: positive 
poster+1: image 
poster+2: readings 
poster+4: text 
pound+1: beat 
pound+2: money 
pound+3: shiver 
pound+4: Unit 
predecessor+1: human 
predecessor+3: physical 
preeminence+1: able 
preeminence+2: Advantage 
preeminence+3: fantastic 
preeminence+4: Power 
premier+1: display 
premier+2: human 
prescription+1: document 
prescription+2: Effectivity 
prescription+3: medicine 
prescription+4: regulation 
president+1: human 
pretence+1: deceive 
pretence+2: mark 
pretence+3: pretend 
pretence+4: speak 
preview+1: display 
preview+2: experiment 
preview+3: look 
preview+4: shows 
price+1: ask 
price+2: decide 
price+3: express 
price+4: Price 
primary+1: elementary 
primary+2: fact 
primary+4: important 
principal+1: fund 
principal+2: human 
print+1: image 
print+2: material 
print+3: print 
print+4: publish 
professional+1: human 
professional+4: permanent 
profile+1: image 
profile+2: part 
profile+3: Reputation 
profile+4: text 
program+1: compile 
program+2: fact 
program+3: plans 
programme+1: fact 
programme+2: plans 
programme+4: shows 
progressive+1: BecomeMore 
progressive+2: human 
progressive+3: progressive 
progressive+4: PropertyValue 
prologue+1: compile 
prologue+2: part 
prominence+1: fantastic 
prominence+2: Importance 
prominence+3: important 
prominence+4: lights 
proof+1: check 
proof+2: document 
proof+3: example 
proof+4: information 
property+1: Attribute 
property+2: Circumstances 
property+3: Property 
property+4: wealth 
prospect+1: expect 
prospect+2: investigate 
prospect+3: predict 
prospect+4: Prospect 
protest+1: accuse 
protest+2: fact 
protest+3: protest 
protest+4: text 
protocol+1: agreement 
protocol+2: document 
protocol+3: polite 
protocol+4: regulation 
provision+1: artifact 
provision+2: InstitutePlace 
provision+3: part 
provision+4: provide 
prune+1: destroy 
prune+2: fruit 
prune+3: PutInOrder 
publisher+1: human 
pupil+1: human 
pupil+4: part 
putter+1: beat 
putter+2: MakeLiving 
putter+3: SelfMove 
putter+4: SportTool 
quack+1: boast 
quack+2: human 
quack+4: MakeSound 
quality+1: HighQuality 
quality+2: Property 
quality+3: Quality 
quality+4: Rank 
quarter+1: cardinal 
quarter+2: reside 
quarter+3: separate 
quarter+4: time 
queasy+1: chaotic 
queasy+2: ill 
queasy+3: peaceful 
queasy+4: vomit 
quibble+1: debate 
quibble+2: quarrel 
quibble+3: reason 
quibble+4: text 
quit+1: abandon 
quit+2: cease 
quit+4: leave 
quote+1: part 
quote+2: quote 
quote+4: tell 
race+1: compete 
race+2: fact 
race+3: Kind 
race+4: tribe 
rack+1: MakeBad 
rack+2: seek 
rack+3: tool 
radical+1: chemical 
radical+2: human 
radical+3: part 
radical+4: progressive 
rail+1: ExpressAgainst 
rail+2: fittings 
rail+3: material 
rail+4: process 
rally+1: BeRecovered 
rally+2: ComeTogether 
rally+4: fact 
rape+1: mating 
rape+2: part 
rape+3: rob 
rape+4: vegetable 
rave+1: cry 
rave+2: fact 
rave+3: MakeSound 
rave+4: speak 
realistic+1: honest 
realistic+2: possible 
realistic+3: substantial 
realistic+4: true 
rear+1: establish 
rear+2: foster 
rear+3: hind 
rear+4: location 
rebound+1: BecomeMore 
rebound+2: BeRecovered 
rebound+3: GoBackward 
rebound+4: jump 
record+1: accomplishment 
record+2: account 
record+3: document 
record+4: fact 
recorder+1: human 
recorder+2: tool 
recover+1: BeRecovered 
recover+4: doctor 
recovery+1: BeRecovered 
recovery+4: doctor 
recuperate+1: BeRecovered 
recuperate+3: maintain 
recuperate+4: rest 
redeem+1: enrich 
redeem+2: redeem 
redeem+4: resume 
reduction+1: BeRecovered 
reduction+2: doctor 
reduction+3: shrink 
reduction+4: subtract 
regard+1: emotion 
regard+2: expression 
regard+3: part 
regard+4: regard 
regret+1: emotion 
regret+3: regret 
regret+4: repent 
rehabilitation+1: BeRecovered 
rehabilitation+2: cultivate 
rehabilitation+3: resume 
reinforcement+1: add 
reinforcement+2: army 
reinforcement+3: help 
reinforcement+4: MakeBetter 
relaxation+1: enjoy 
relaxation+2: fact 
relaxation+3: relax 
relaxation+4: weaken 
relief+1: exempt 
relief+2: Form 
relief+3: help 
relief+4: human 
remainder+1: other 
remainder+2: part 
remainder+3: surplus 
remainder+4: symbol 
rent+1: borrow 
rent+2: expenditure 
rent+4: lend 
replacement+1: discharge 
replacement+2: fittings 
replacement+3: replace 
replacement+4: thing 
reply+1: information 
reply+2: letter 
reply+3: reply 
reply+4: text 
report+1: disseminate 
report+2: news 
report+3: tell 
report+4: text 
reproduction+1: artifact 
reproduction+3: print 
reproduction+4: produce 
reserve+1: fund 
reserve+2: human 
reserve+4: physical 
resurgence+1: awake 
resurgence+2: BeRecovered 
resurgence+4: SufferFrom 
return+1: GoBack 
return+2: process 
return+3: return 
revolution+1: circle 
revolution+2: fact 
revolution+3: GoRound 
revolution+4: rotate 
rhyme+1: compile 
rhyme+2: method 
rhyme+3: shows 
rhyme+4: sound 
rich+1: fertile 
rich+2: human 
rich+3: many 
rich+4: NotLight 
ridge+1: part 
rim+1: inlay 
rim+2: part 
ring+1: communicate 
ring+2: facilities 
ring+4: MakeSound 
roar+1: cry 
roar+2: MakeSound 
roar+4: roll 
Rouble+1: money 
rush+1: FlowerGrass 
rush+2: LeaveFor 
rush+3: part 
rush+4: TimeShort 
Russian+1: human 
Russian+2: language 
Russian+3: PatternValue 
Russian+4: RelatingToCountry 
rust+1: BeBad 
rust+2: chemical 
rust+3: damage 
rust+4: FormChange 
rustic+1: BestQuality 
rustic+2: place 
rustic+3: uncouth 
rustic+4: vulgar 
rut+1: land 
rut+2: regulation 
rut+3: time 
rut+4: trace 
sack+1: discharge 
sack+2: furniture 
sack+3: rob 
sack+4: tool 
salt+1: add 
salt+2: chemical 
salt+3: Interest 
salt+4: material 
sample+1: check 
sample+2: choose 
sample+3: example 
sample+4: savor 
scab+1: BeRecovered 
scab+2: human 
scab+3: part 
scab+4: trace 
scene+1: facilities 
scene+2: Occasion 
scene+4: part 
scent+1: Odor 
scent+3: perception 
scent+4: smell 
scourge+1: beat 
scourge+2: cause 
scourge+3: damage 
scourge+4: mishap 
scout+1: human 
scout+2: scout 
scout+4: weapon 
scrap+1: abandon 
scrap+2: part 
scrap+3: quarrel 
scrap+4: remove 
scratch+1: disease 
scratch+2: rub 
scratch+3: scratch 
scratch+4: trace 
script+1: character 
script+2: Pattern 
script+3: publications 
script+4: text 
scrub+1: remove 
scrub+2: tool 
scrub+3: tree 
scrub+4: wipe 
seam+1: location 
seam+2: part 
second+1: endorse 
second+2: FuncWord 
second+3: next 
second+4: ordinal 
secretary+1: human 
sect+1: community 
sediment+1: inanimate 
sediment+2: physical 
sediment+3: stay 
sediment+4: waste 
see+1: meet 
see+2: perception 
see+4: read 
seed+1: community 
seed+2: human 
seed+3: part 
seed+4: planting 
segment+1: NounUnit 
segment+4: part 
seizure+1: catch 
seizure+2: happen 
seizure+3: obtain 
seizure+4: occupy 
senior+1: HighRank 
senior+2: human 
senior+4: senior 
sentence+1: expression 
sentence+2: fact 
sentence+4: judge 
sequester+1: cease 
sequester+2: deprive 
sequester+3: punish 
sequester+4: subtract 
service+1: affairs 
service+2: fact 
service+3: repair 
service+4: shoot 
set+1: NounUnit 
set+4: put 
settlement+1: establish 
settlement+2: handle 
settlement+3: MakeAppointment 
settlement+4: place 
sever+1: break 
sever+2: cut 
sever+3: disconnect 
sever+4: separate 
shaft+1: part 
shaft+4: route 
shape+1: Appearance 
shape+2: exercise 
shape+3: Form 
shape+4: forming 
share+1: bear 
share+2: component 
share+3: coupon 
share+4: fund 
sheet+1: NounUnit 
sheet+3: shape 
shelter+1: cover 
shelter+2: facilities 
shelter+3: InstitutePlace 
shelter+4: protect 
shield+1: cover 
shield+2: part 
shield+3: protect 
shit+1: Amount 
shit+2: excrement 
shit+3: excrete 
shit+4: expression 
shoot+1: firing 
shoot+2: part 
shoot+3: reproduce 
shoot+4: shoot 
shooting+1: fact 
shooting+4: firing 
shop+1: buy 
shop+3: InstitutePlace 
shot+1: fact 
shot+2: firing 
shot+3: Scene 
shot+4: sound 
shower+1: RainSnow 
shower+2: tool 
shower+3: wash 
shower+4: WeatherBad 
shrink+1: decline 
shrink+2: FormChange 
shrink+3: GoBackward 
shrink+4: shrink 
shutter+1: fittings 
shutter+2: part 
shutter+3: shut 
shutter+4: tool 
side+1: group 
side+2: location 
side+3: part 
sight+1: Ability 
sight+2: experience 
sight+3: Occasion 
sight+4: perception 
sign+1: forming 
sign+2: information 
sign+3: mark 
sign+4: sign 
silence+1: KeepSilence 
silence+2: obstruct 
silence+3: quiet 
silence+4: restrain 
silver+1: metal 
silver+2: money 
silver+3: PropertyValue 
silver+4: tool 
singing+1: Ability 
singing+3: sing 
singing+4: sound 
sink+1: BecomeLess 
sink+2: destroy 
sink+3: GoDown 
size+1: classify 
size+2: Range 
size+3: Size 
sketch+1: draw 
sketch+2: image 
sketch+3: text 
skill+1: Ability 
skill+4: method 
skin+1: part 
skin+2: StripOff 
skin+4: wounded 
slice+1: cut 
slice+2: NounUnit 
slice+3: part 
slice+4: shape 
slick+1: ize 
slick+2: physical 
slick+3: polished 
slick+4: sly 
sling+1: fittings 
sling+3: throw 
sling+4: tool 
slope+1: part 
slope+2: route 
slope+3: Slope 
slope+4: tilt 
sludge+1: stone 
sludge+4: trace 
smack+1: beat 
smack+2: emotion 
smack+3: fact 
smack+4: Taste 
solely+1: alone 
solely+2: FuncWord 
solely+3: only 
solely+4: single 
solo+1: alone 
solo+2: music 
solo+3: perform 
solo+4: sing 
some+1: certain 
some+2: human 
some+3: roughly 
some+4: some 
sorrow+1: emotion 
sorrow+3: sad 
sorrow+4: sorrowful 
source+1: human 
source+2: part 
source+4: Source 
span+1: cross 
span+2: Distance 
span+3: Range 
span+4: situated 
spearhead+1: human 
spearhead+2: part 
spearhead+4: undertake 
specialist+1: human 
specialist+4: special 
speciality+1: Ability 
speciality+2: affairs 
speciality+3: artifact 
speciality+4: Peculiarity 
speed+1: drug 
speed+2: run 
speed+3: Speed 
speed+4: SpeedUp 
spice+1: add 
spice+2: CauseToDo 
spice+3: emotion 
spice+4: material 
spike+1: happen 
spike+2: part 
spike+4: stab 
split+1: CausePartMove 
split+2: FormChange 
split+3: location 
split+4: result 
sponge+1: material 
sponge+2: physical 
sponge+3: wipe 
spot+1: distinguish 
spot+2: location 
spot+3: scout 
spot+4: trace 
spray+1: apply 
spray+2: chemical 
spray+3: jet 
spray+4: spray 
spring+1: jump 
spring+2: part 
spring+3: time 
spring+4: waters 
stack+1: arrange 
stack+2: facilities 
stack+3: NounUnit 
stack+4: put 
stage+1: facilities 
stage+2: part 
stage+3: perform 
stage+4: shape 
stain+1: AlterColor 
stain+2: material 
stain+3: PlayDown 
stain+4: pollute 
stall+1: delay 
stall+2: end 
stall+3: InstitutePlace 
stall+4: OutOfOrder 
stamp+1: CausePartMove 
stamp+2: coupon 
stamp+3: draw 
stamp+4: kick 
star+1: celestial 
star+2: HighQuality 
star+3: human 
starch+1: apply 
starch+2: ize 
starch+3: liquid 
starch+4: material 
state+1: AttachmentValue 
state+2: Circumstances 
state+3: explain 
state+4: PhysicState 
station+1: dispatch 
station+2: facilities 
station+4: InstitutePlace 
steadiness+1: Constancy 
steadiness+2: Steadiness 
steadiness+3: steady 
steadiness+4: Will 
stem+1: obstruct 
stem+2: part 
step+1: ActUnit 
step+2: Distance 
step+3: part 
stereo+1: image 
stereo+2: shape 
stereo+3: sound 
stereo+4: tool 
sterile+1: barren 
sterile+2: PropertyValue 
sterile+3: unable 
sterile+4: uninventive 
stern+1: austere 
stern+2: part 
stern+3: severe 
stern+4: strict 
steward+1: human 
still+1: constant 
still+2: FuncWord 
stock+1: artifact 
stock+2: coupon 
stock+3: food 
stock+4: fund 
stockpile+1: artifact 
stockpile+2: physical 
stockpile+3: SetAside 
stockpile+4: store 
stone+1: kill 
stone+2: part 
stone+3: stone 
stopper+1: part 
stopper+4: tool 
story+1: fact 
story+3: news 
story+4: part 
strain+1: filter 
strain+2: Kind 
strain+3: strong 
strain+4: wounded 
strand+1: bump 
strand+2: NounUnit 
strand+4: suffer 
streak+1: image 
streak+2: run 
streak+4: SelfMoveInManner 
streamer+1: fittings 
streamer+2: mark 
streamer+4: part 
stroke+1: attack 
stroke+2: fact 
stroke+3: paralyse 
stroke+4: part 
stud+1: decorate 
stud+2: Height 
stud+3: livestock 
stud+4: tool 
stuff+1: artifact 
stuff+2: eat 
stuff+3: fill 
stuff+4: human 
subject+1: AttachmentValue 
subject+2: Content 
subject+3: human 
subject+4: knowledge 
subordinate+1: AttachmentValue 
subordinate+2: human 
subordinate+3: obey 
subordinate+4: part 
subscriber+1: human 
substitute+1: human 
substitute+3: replace 
suffocating+1: able 
suffocating+2: hot 
suffocating+3: stuffy 
suffocating+4: unable 
suit+1: clothing 
suit+2: fact 
suit+3: fit 
suit+4: NounUnit 
sum+1: Amount 
sum+2: describe 
sum+3: fund 
sum+4: result 
summit+1: fact 
summit+3: part 
supervisor+1: human 
support+1: endorse 
support+2: grant 
support+3: help 
support+4: HoldWithHand 
surprise+1: attack 
surprise+2: CauseToDo 
surprise+3: Graduality 
surprise+4: surprise 
suspension+1: delay 
suspension+2: float 
suspension+3: hang 
suspension+4: obstruct 
suture+1: fasten 
suture+2: location 
suture+4: material 
sweet+1: euphonious 
sweet+2: food 
sweet+3: fragrant 
sweet+4: happy 
syndicate+1: community 
syndicate+4: establish 
system+1: part 
system+4: system 
table+1: delay 
table+2: document 
table+3: furniture 
table+4: SportTool 
tackle+1: handle 
tackle+2: kick 
tackle+3: part 
tackle+4: tool 
tail+1: follow 
tail+2: part 
talk+1: discuss 
talk+2: fact 
talk+3: speak 
talk+4: talk 
tap+1: beat 
tap+2: listen 
tap+3: part 
target+1: AimAt 
target+2: Amount 
target+3: thing 
target+4: tool 
tarnish+1: Color 
tarnish+2: FormChange 
tarnish+3: PlayDown 
tarnish+4: slander 
tart+1: food 
tart+2: human 
tart+3: sour 
tart+4: Taste 
taste+1: be 
taste+2: Behavior 
taste+3: emotion 
taste+4: experience 
tasteless+1: boring 
tasteless+2: GoodTaste 
tasteless+3: PoorTaste 
tasteless+4: tasteless 
tax+1: affairs 
tax+2: expenditure 
tax+3: levy 
tea+1: drinks 
tea+2: fact 
tea+3: material 
tea+4: tree 
tear+1: location 
tear+2: part 
tear+3: split 
temperament+1: Behavior 
temperament+4: Temperament 
tend+1: ProvideFor 
tend+2: TakeCare 
tense+1: ize 
tense+2: Property 
tense+3: Timing 
tense+4: uneasy 
term+1: aspiration 
term+2: expression 
term+3: part 
term+4: symbol 
terminal+1: computer 
terminal+2: facilities 
terminal+4: last 
terrace+1: land 
terrace+2: part 
terrace+4: shape 
terrible+1: able 
terrible+3: expression 
terrible+4: inferior 
terribly+1: able 
terribly+3: extreme 
terribly+4: strong 
terror+1: emotion 
terror+2: fact 
terror+3: human 
terror+4: thing 
test+1: check 
test+2: experiment 
test+3: fact 
Thai+1: human 
Thai+2: language 
Thai+3: PatternValue 
Thai+4: RelatingToCountry 
them+1: human 
them+4: inanimate 
thicken+1: AlterForm 
thicken+3: AlterMeasurement 
thicken+4: StateChange 
this+1: ActUnit 
this+2: NounUnit 
this+4: self 
thread+1: fasten 
thread+2: information 
thread+3: part 
thunder+1: cry 
thunder+2: sound 
thunder+3: thunder 
thunder+4: WeatherBad 
tight+1: experience 
tight+2: lack 
tight+3: narrow 
tight+4: tight 
time+1: ActUnit 
time+2: record 
time+3: Speed 
time+4: time 
times+1: ActUnit 
times+2: DoSum 
times+3: time 
times+4: Unit 
tin+1: apply 
tin+2: metal 
tin+3: NounUnit 
tin+4: tool 
toast+1: congratulate 
toast+3: cook 
toast+4: food 
toil+1: endeavour 
toil+2: fact 
toil+3: plans 
toil+4: tired 
toll+1: Amount 
toll+2: expenditure 
total+1: Amount 
total+2: AmountTo 
total+4: overall 
touch+1: associate 
touch+2: emotion 
touch+3: excite 
touch+4: part 
town+1: InstitutePlace 
town+2: part 
town+3: place 
trade+1: affairs 
trade+3: buy 
trade+4: engage 
traffic+1: Circumstances 
traffic+2: fact 
traffic+3: transport 
trail+1: Bearing 
trail+2: follow 
trail+4: inferior 
traitor+1: human 
translation+1: AlterLocation 
translation+2: readings 
translation+3: text 
translation+4: translate 
treat+1: doctor 
treat+2: edible 
treat+3: handle 
treat+4: treat 
trespass+1: attack 
trespass+2: GoInto 
trespass+4: MakeTrouble 
trial+1: exam 
trial+2: experiment 
trial+3: fact 
trial+4: interrogate 
tribute+1: artifact 
tribute+2: emotion 
tribute+3: fact 
tribute+4: payment 
trick+1: Ability 
trick+3: deceive 
trick+4: method 
trip+1: fact 
trip+3: FallDown 
trip+4: reverse 
trouble+1: disease 
trouble+2: Easiness 
trouble+3: fact 
trouble+4: MakeTrouble 
trough+1: Boundary 
trough+2: Circumstances 
trough+3: facilities 
trough+4: tool 
trunk+1: part 
trust+1: believe 
trust+2: document 
trust+3: emotion 
trust+4: entrust 
truth+1: Accuracy 
truth+2: Circumstances 
truth+3: reason 
truth+4: text 
try+1: aspiration 
try+2: interrogate 
try+3: start 
try+4: try 
tub+1: LandVehicle 
tub+2: tool 
tube+1: facilities 
tube+3: material 
tube+4: part 
tunnel+1: dig 
tunnel+2: facilities 
tunnel+4: route 
turn+1: part 
turn+2: place 
turn+3: pull 
turn+4: rotate 
type+1: Kind 
type+3: tool 
type+4: write 
uncertain+1: doubt 
uncertain+2: fixed 
uncertain+3: irresolute 
uncertain+4: unfixed 
underground+1: covert 
underground+2: facilities 
underground+4: location 
unfortunate+1: able 
unfortunate+2: human 
unfortunate+3: miserable 
unfortunate+4: misfortunate 
unit+1: army 
unit+2: component 
unit+3: implement 
unit+4: InstitutePlace 
unsettled+1: changeable 
unsettled+2: fixed 
unsettled+3: impossible 
unsettled+4: unfixed 
upgrade+1: MakeBetter 
upgrade+2: prosper 
upgrade+3: undergo 
upgrade+4: upgrade 
urgency+1: affairs 
urgency+2: Urgency 
urgency+4: urgent 
vacancy+1: Amount 
vacancy+2: Content 
vacancy+3: house 
vacancy+4: Occupation 
value+1: Amount 
value+2: estimate 
value+4: like 
valve+1: part 
vamp+1: entice 
vamp+2: human 
vamp+3: merge 
vamp+4: part 
van+1: human 
van+2: LandVehicle 
van+4: location 
variation+1: change 
variation+2: fact 
variation+3: music 
variation+4: Similarity 
vary+1: change 
vary+2: differ 
vary+4: ize 
vehicle+1: LandVehicle 
vehicle+2: physical 
vehicle+3: tool 
vehicle+4: vehicle 
vein+1: InstitutePlace 
vein+2: part 
vest+1: BeMember 
vest+2: clothing 
vest+3: give 
vest+4: grant 
vet+1: check 
vet+2: doctor 
vet+3: human 
vice+1: fact 
vice+3: secondary 
vice+4: tool 
virtue+1: Behavior 
virtue+2: Chastity 
virtue+3: Merit 
virtue+4: Morality 
virulent+1: able 
virulent+2: disadvantageous 
virulent+3: unfriendly 
virulent+4: wicked 
vision+1: Ability 
vision+2: experience 
vision+3: thinking 
vision+4: thought 
volunteer+1: army 
volunteer+2: human 
volunteer+4: willing 
wake+1: awake 
wake+2: fact 
wake+3: result 
wake+4: trace 
walk+1: err 
walk+2: guide 
walk+3: Posture 
walk+4: route 
want+1: aspiration 
want+2: choose 
want+3: LookFor 
want+4: need 
waste+1: desolate 
waste+2: land 
waste+3: lavish 
waste+4: useless 
way+1: Behavior 
way+3: method 
way+4: route 
weakness+1: Demerit 
weakness+2: frail 
weakness+4: irresolute 
weight+1: part 
weight+2: symbol 
weight+3: tool 
weight+4: Weight 
what+1: DegreeValue 
what+2: FuncWord 
wheel+1: circle 
wheel+2: part 
wheel+3: push 
wheel+4: tool 
wink+1: CausePartMove 
wink+3: Countenance 
wink+4: time 
wire+1: arrange 
wire+2: material 
wire+3: tell 
wire+4: tool 
wish+1: aspiration 
wish+2: congratulate 
wish+3: expect 
wish+4: expression 
withdraw+1: CausePartMove 
withdraw+2: GoBackward 
withdraw+4: MoveItBack 
withdrawal+1: CausePartMove 
withdrawal+2: GoBackward 
withdrawal+4: MoveItBack 
wonder+1: phenomena 
wonder+2: Scene 
wonder+3: surprise 
wonder+4: willing 
wood+1: material 
wood+2: PropertyValue 
wood+3: tree 
wood+4: wood 
worry+1: bite 
worry+2: emotion 
worry+3: fact 
worry+4: sad 
wreck+1: damage 
wreck+2: mishap 
wreck+4: ship 
yard+1: facilities 
yard+2: InstitutePlace 
yard+3: part 
yard+4: Unit 
year+1: Age 
year+2: Rank 
year+3: time 
year+4: Unit 
Yong+1: place 
Yong+3: surname 
Yong+4: waters 
young+1: AgeYounger 
young+2: animal 
young+3: child 
young+4: human 

ablaze+1: bright 
ablaze+2: burn 
ablaze+3: hot 
ablaze+4: StateChange 
absorption+1: absentminded 
absorption+2: absorb 
absorption+3: drink 
absorption+4: GetKnowledge 
abuse+1: damage 
abuse+2: ExpressAgainst 
abuse+3: phenomena 
abuse+4: use 
acclamation+1: agree 
acclamation+2: congratulate 
acclamation+3: fact 
acclamation+4: praise 
accompany+1: act 
accompany+2: associate 
accompany+3: follow 
accomplishment+1: accomplishment 
accomplishment+2: fulfil 
accomplishment+3: Rank 
accomplishment+4: succeed 
account+1: account 
account+2: cause 
account+3: explain 
account+4: readings 
action+1: accuse 
action+2: act 
action+3: fact 
active+1: active 
active+2: animate 
active+3: guilty 
active+4: PropertyValue 
acute+1: clever 
acute+2: perceptive 
acute+3: strong 
acute+4: urgent 
add+1: add 
add+3: DoSum 
add+4: enrich 
address+1: express 
address+2: handle 
address+3: location 
address+4: naming 
adhesion+1: disease 
adhesion+2: endorse 
adhesion+3: fasten 
adhesion+4: Strength 
admiration+1: admire 
admiration+2: appreciate 
admiration+3: emotion 
admiration+4: praise 
admire+1: admire 
admire+2: appreciate 
admire+3: love 
admire+4: praise 
admittance+1: admit 
admittance+2: GoInto 
admittance+3: include 
admittance+4: Performance 
adopt+1: accept 
adopt+2: conduct 
adopt+3: foster 
adopt+4: RegardAs 
adulterate+1: add 
adulterate+2: fake 
adulterate+3: forge 
adulterate+4: mix 
advance+1: accomplishment 
advance+2: GoForward 
advance+3: propose 
advance+4: prosper 
advanced+1: BestQuality 
advanced+2: HighRank 
advanced+3: profound 
advanced+4: progressive 
advancement+1: MakeEarlier 
advancement+2: propose 
advancement+3: prosper 
advancement+4: urge 
advocate+1: disseminate 
advocate+2: endorse 
advocate+3: human 
affect+1: excite 
affect+2: infect 
affect+3: influence 
affect+4: pretend 
aggressive+1: active 
aggressive+2: arrogant 
aggressive+3: autocratic 
aggressive+4: FondOf 
agitate+1: excite 
agitate+2: incite 
agitate+3: MakeTrouble 
agitate+4: urge 
agreement+1: agree 
agreement+2: agreement 
agreement+3: fit 
agreement+4: Property 
alarm+1: experience 
alarm+2: frighten 
alarm+3: information 
alarm+4: MakeTrouble 
alienation+1: emotion 
alienation+2: from 
alienation+3: ize 
alienation+4: separate 
align+1: ally 
align+2: coordinate 
align+3: MakeEqual 
align+4: obey 
alignment+1: ally 
alignment+2: MakeEqual 
alignment+3: obey 
alignment+4: result 
alternate+1: able 
alternate+2: BeAcross 
alternate+3: InSequence 
alternate+4: PropertyValue 
animal+1: animal 
animal+2: AnimalHuman 
animal+3: beast 
animal+4: PropertyValue 
animate+1: animate 
animate+2: CauseToLive 
animate+3: sturdy 
animate+4: urge 
annoy+1: emotion 
annoy+2: irritate 
annoy+3: MakeWorried 
annoy+4: upset 
annulment+1: cease 
annulment+2: exempt 
annulment+3: remove 
answer+1: reply 
answer+3: respond 
answer+4: result 
antagonistic+1: antagonistic 
antagonistic+2: backward 
antagonistic+3: discordant 
antagonistic+4: FondOf 
antique+1: buy 
antique+2: gracious 
antique+3: treasure 
antique+4: unfashionable 
appear+1: appear 
appear+2: become 
appear+3: BeSimilar 
appear+4: undergo 
appearance+1: appear 
appearance+3: Appearance 
applause+1: cry 
applause+2: praise 
applause+3: ShowGoodEmotion 
applause+4: sound 
apple+1: computer 
apple+2: fruit 
apple+3: tool 
apple+4: tree 
application+1: apply 
application+2: conduct 
application+3: document 
application+4: request 
apply+1: apply 
apply+2: conduct 
apply+3: request 
apply+4: use 
appointment+1: affairs 
appointment+2: appoint 
appointment+3: fact 
appointment+4: MakeAppointment 
approach+1: approach 
approach+2: method 
approach+3: route 
approach+4: thinking 
appropriate+1: issue 
appropriate+3: proper 
appropriate+4: steal 
arouse+1: excite 
arouse+2: LookBack 
arouse+3: ResultIn 
arouse+4: urge 
arrangement+1: arrange 
arrangement+2: issue 
arrangement+3: MakeAppointment 
arrangement+4: PutInOrder 
articulate+1: connect 
articulate+2: fasten 
articulate+3: lucid 
articulate+4: MakeSound 
articulation+1: connect 
articulation+2: fasten 
articulation+3: Lucidity 
articulation+4: MakeSound 
ascertain+1: check 
ascertain+2: decide 
ascertain+3: distinguish 
ascertain+4: investigate 
ask+1: ask 
ask+2: entrust 
ask+3: invite 
ask+4: request 
assemble+1: assemble 
assemble+2: ComeTogether 
assemble+3: gather 
assemble+4: meet 
assembly+1: ComeTogether 
assembly+2: compile 
assembly+3: component 
assembly+4: fact 
assimilation+1: absorb 
assimilation+2: GetKnowledge 
assimilation+3: ize 
assimilation+4: phenomena 
assume+1: be 
assume+2: bear 
assume+3: conduct 
assume+4: guess 
atmosphere+1: gas 
atmosphere+3: Occasion 
atmosphere+4: part 
attack+1: attack 
attack+3: ExpressAgainst 
attack+4: happen 
attendance+1: affairs 
attendance+2: engage 
attendance+3: Rate 
attendance+4: TakeCare 
authentic+1: alike 
authentic+2: faithful 
authentic+3: reliable 
authentic+4: true 
award+1: grant 
award+3: reward 
awkward+1: cumbersome 
awkward+2: embarrassed 
awkward+3: NotQuick 
awkward+4: ungracious 
bad+1: able 
bad+2: disadvantageous 
bad+3: inferior 
bad+4: wicked 
badly+1: serious 
badly+2: strong 
badly+3: very 
badly+4: wicked 
barter+1: affairs 
barter+2: betray 
barter+3: exchange 
best+1: BestQuality 
best+2: sufficient 
best+3: surpass 
best+4: thing 
bid+1: aspiration 
bid+2: pay 
bid+3: Price 
bid+4: propose 
bind+1: coil 
bind+2: delimit 
bind+3: fasten 
bind+4: fix 
bitter+1: bitter 
bitter+2: fierce 
bitter+3: miserable 
bitter+4: Taste 
black+1: black 
black+2: dark 
black+3: disgraced 
black+4: human 
blackmail+1: cheat 
blackmail+2: deceive 
blackmail+3: seek 
blast+1: attack 
blast+2: ExpressAgainst 
blast+3: FormChange 
blast+4: wind 
blaze+1: burn 
blaze+2: fire 
blaze+3: lights 
blaze+4: mark 
blunt+1: blunt 
blunt+2: discourage 
blunt+3: frank 
blunt+4: inanimate 
book+1: account 
book+3: buy 
book+4: publications 
brake+1: cease 
brake+2: FlowerGrass 
brake+3: part 
brand+1: ExpressAgainst 
brand+2: mark 
brand+3: Name 
brand+4: naming 
brazenly+1: fierce 
brazenly+2: overt 
brazenly+3: PropertyValue 
brazenly+4: rash 
brief+1: concise 
brief+2: explain 
brief+3: text 
bright+1: bright 
bright+3: clever 
bright+4: promissing 
brilliant+1: able 
brilliant+2: bright 
brilliant+3: lucid 
brilliant+4: magnificent 
brilliantly+1: able 
brilliantly+2: bright 
brilliantly+3: magnificent 
brilliantly+4: wise 
brisk+1: active 
brisk+2: flourishing 
brisk+3: new 
brisk+4: nimble 
broad+1: broad 
broad+2: extensive 
broad+3: profound 
broad+4: substantial 
bronze+1: apply 
bronze+2: brown 
bronze+3: metal 
bronze+4: tool 
build+1: build 
build+2: create 
build+3: establish 
build+4: Form 
burning+1: ardent 
burning+2: burn 
burning+3: hot 
burning+4: StateChange 
butt+1: BeNear 
butt+2: bump 
butt+3: connect 
butt+4: information 
cable+1: letter 
cable+3: material 
canvass+1: attract 
canvass+2: discuss 
canvass+3: fact 
canvass+4: investigate 
care+1: emotion 
care+2: handle 
care+3: maintain 
care+4: PayAttention 
carry+1: bring 
carry+2: contain 
carry+3: pick 
carry+4: publish 
casual+1: accidental 
casual+2: careless 
casual+3: human 
casual+4: informal 
catch+1: Amount 
catch+2: attract 
catch+3: catch 
categorically+1: extreme 
categorically+2: resolute 
categorically+3: strong 
categorically+4: wholly 
cause+1: affairs 
cause+2: cause 
cause+3: CauseToDo 
cause+4: ResultIn 
central+1: central 
central+2: centre 
central+3: important 
central+4: location 
champion+1: BestQuality 
champion+2: endorse 
champion+3: human 
change+1: alter 
change+2: change 
change+3: exchange 
change+4: replace 
character+1: Behavior 
character+2: character 
character+3: human 
chastity+1: Behavior 
chastity+2: chaste 
chastity+3: Chastity 
chastity+4: Morality 
cheat+1: cheat 
cheat+2: deceive 
cheat+3: disloyal 
cheat+4: engage 
check+1: punish 
check+2: restrain 
check+3: SetAside 
check+4: shape 
childish+1: BehaviorValue 
childish+2: child 
childish+3: naif 
childish+4: unable 
chill+1: cold 
chill+2: cool 
chill+3: disease 
chill+4: experience 
chip+1: break 
chip+2: coupon 
chip+3: food 
chip+4: part 
chop+1: beat 
chop+2: break 
chop+3: cut 
chop+4: split 
circulate+1: circulate 
circulate+3: disseminate 
circulate+4: publish 
citation+1: part 
citation+2: praise 
citation+3: quote 
citation+4: reward 
claim+1: announce 
claim+2: collect 
claim+3: fact 
claim+4: request 
cleanse+1: clean 
cleanse+2: spotless 
cleanse+3: wash 
cleanse+4: wipe 
clear+1: CauseNotToBe 
clear+2: clear 
clear+3: earn 
clear+4: euphonious 
click+1: MakeSound 
click+3: sound 
click+4: touch 
close+1: near 
close+2: shut 
close+3: stuffy 
close+4: tight 
clump+1: grow 
clump+2: MakeSound 
clump+3: shape 
clump+4: sound 
cluster+1: ComeTogether 
cluster+2: group 
cluster+3: NounUnit 
coddle+1: cook 
coddle+2: indulge 
coddle+3: like 
coil+1: circle 
coil+2: coil 
coil+3: FormChange 
coil+4: NounUnit 
cold+1: disease 
cold+2: fever 
cold+3: indifferent 
cold+4: weather 
collateral+1: able 
collateral+2: collateral 
collateral+3: indirect 
collateral+4: simultaneous 
collection+1: physical 
collection+2: publications 
collection+3: readings 
collection+4: store 
comb+1: LookFor 
comb+2: MakeUp 
comb+3: part 
comb+4: tool 
command+1: control 
command+2: order 
command+3: part 
command+4: text 
common+1: extensive 
common+2: ordinary 
common+3: popular 
common+4: public 
commonly+1: extensive 
commonly+2: ordinary 
commonly+3: popular 
commonly+4: public 
complaint+1: disease 
complaint+2: ExpressDissatisfaction 
complaint+3: text 
complete+1: complete 
complete+2: finish 
complete+3: fulfil 
complete+4: wholly 
complex+1: chemical 
complex+2: complicated 
complex+3: emotion 
complex+4: InstitutePlace 
composite+1: chemical 
composite+2: complicated 
composite+3: produce 
composite+4: wholly 
conceive+1: guess 
conceive+2: pregnant 
conceive+3: ResultIn 
conceive+4: think 
concentrate+1: assemble 
concentrate+2: ComeTogether 
concentrate+3: PayAttention 
concentrate+4: physical 
concern+1: InstitutePlace 
concern+2: PayAttention 
concern+3: relate 
concern+4: worried 
conclude+1: cease 
conclude+2: compile 
conclude+3: fulfil 
conclude+4: judge 
conclusion+1: cease 
conclusion+2: MakeAppointment 
conclusion+3: text 
conclusion+4: thought 
concoct+1: forge 
concoct+2: mix 
concoct+3: produce 
concoct+4: think 
conduct+1: Behavior 
conduct+2: conduct 
conduct+3: fact 
conduct+4: perform 
cone+1: food 
cone+2: image 
cone+3: part 
cone+4: shape 
confinement+1: Boundary 
confinement+2: delimit 
confinement+3: fact 
confinement+4: labour 
confuse+1: confuse 
confuse+2: deceive 
confuse+3: ize 
confused+1: chaotic 
confused+2: disorder 
confused+3: dizzy 
confused+4: FeelingByBad 
confusion+1: chaotic 
confusion+2: confuse 
confusion+3: deceive 
confusion+4: MakeMisunderstand 
connection+1: associate 
connection+2: connect 
connection+3: Pertinence 
connection+4: relate 
conscientious+1: bear 
conscientious+2: careful 
conscientious+3: cautious 
conscientious+4: sensible 
consult+1: discuss 
consult+2: read 
consult+3: request 
contend+1: compete 
contend+2: debate 
contend+3: ExpressAgainst 
contend+4: HaveContest 
contradict+1: FitNot 
contradict+2: offend 
contradict+3: oppose 
contradict+4: refute 
contradiction+1: FitNot 
contradiction+2: oppose 
contradiction+3: phenomena 
contradiction+4: refute 
contrast+1: compare 
contrast+2: CompareTo 
contrast+3: comparison 
contrast+4: Similarity 
contribution+1: accomplishment 
contribution+2: donate 
contribution+3: money 
contribution+4: result 
conversion+1: alter 
conversion+2: CauseToBe 
conversion+3: change 
conversion+4: exchange 
convert+1: alter 
convert+2: CauseToBe 
convert+3: change 
convert+4: exchange 
convey+1: disseminate 
convey+2: express 
convey+3: tell 
convey+4: transmit 
cool+1: chilly 
cool+2: cold 
cool+3: cool 
cool+4: fashionable 
correct+1: amend 
correct+3: correct 
correct+4: expression 
count+1: be 
count+2: calculate 
count+3: contain 
count+4: count 
counterbalance+1: balanced 
counterbalance+2: equal 
counterbalance+3: Strength 
counterfeit+1: deceive 
counterfeit+2: fake 
counterfeit+3: forge 
counterfeit+4: physical 
counterpoise+1: balanced 
counterpoise+2: equal 
counterpoise+3: Strength 
couple+1: connect 
couple+2: fasten 
couple+3: human 
couple+4: NounUnit 
crisp+1: bright 
crisp+2: crisp 
crisp+3: easy 
crisp+4: euphonious 
crop+1: break 
crop+2: crop 
crop+3: NounUnit 
crop+4: Pattern 
crowd+1: ComeTogether 
crowd+2: group 
crowd+3: human 
crowd+4: NounUnit 
crown+1: clothing 
crown+2: endorse 
crown+3: grant 
crown+4: part 
crude+1: coarse 
crude+2: crude 
crude+3: fierce 
crude+4: material 
crush+1: bump 
crush+2: damage 
crush+3: FormChange 
crush+4: grind 
crystal+1: clear 
crystal+2: FormValue 
crystal+3: material 
crystal+4: NaturalThing 
curl+1: bend 
curl+2: CausePartMove 
curl+3: coil 
curl+4: FormChange 
current+1: electricity 
current+2: fact 
current+3: present 
current+4: shape 
curse+1: damage 
curse+2: ExpressAgainst 
curse+3: expression 
curse+4: sound 
dainty+1: edible 
dainty+2: GoodTaste 
dainty+3: gracious 
dainty+4: refined 
dam+1: BlockUp 
dam+3: facilities 
dam+4: livestock 
dance+1: fact 
dance+2: music 
dance+3: recreation 
dance+4: shows 
dangle+1: CausePartMove 
dangle+2: GoDown 
dangle+3: hang 
dangle+4: hesitate 
dart+1: run 
dart+2: SportTool 
dart+3: throw 
dart+4: weapon 
deal+1: affairs 
deal+3: agreement 
deal+4: handle 
decision+1: decide 
decision+2: judge 
decision+3: plans 
decision+4: text 
decline+1: BecomeLess 
decline+2: decline 
decline+3: Prospect 
decline+4: reject 
decoration+1: Appearance 
decoration+2: decorate 
decoration+3: tool 
deduction+1: Amount 
deduction+2: deduce 
deduction+3: fact 
deduction+4: result 
defence+1: affairs 
defence+2: defend 
defence+3: fact 
defence+4: protect 
defend+1: defend 
defend+3: endorse 
defend+4: refute 
defy+1: despise 
defy+2: disobey 
defy+3: refuse 
defy+4: urge 
deliberate+1: careful 
deliberate+2: cautious 
deliberate+3: discuss 
deliberate+4: idle 
deliver+1: announce 
deliver+2: post 
deliver+3: reproduce 
deliver+4: rescue 
delivery+1: post 
delivery+2: reproduce 
delivery+3: submit 
demand+1: aspiration 
demand+2: beg 
demand+3: need 
demand+4: request 
demolish+1: attack 
demolish+2: destroy 
demolish+3: FormChange 
demolish+4: remove 
dense+1: concentrated 
dense+2: dense 
dense+3: exuberant 
dense+4: NotLight 
depress+1: decline 
depress+3: delay 
depress+4: discourage 
depressed+1: disappointed 
depressed+2: disheartened 
depressed+3: FeelingByBad 
depressed+4: sad 
depression+1: decline 
depression+3: disease 
depression+4: emotion 
deserted+1: abandon 
deserted+2: desolate 
deserted+3: empty 
deserted+4: inactive 
designate+1: appoint 
designate+2: delimit 
designate+3: naming 
designate+4: RegardAs 
develop+1: CauseToAppear 
develop+2: CauseToGrow 
develop+3: change 
develop+4: enlarge 
devotion+1: Behavior 
devotion+2: donate 
devotion+3: emotion 
devotion+4: result 
die+1: die 
die+3: OutOfOrder 
die+4: tool 
diet+1: edible 
diet+3: institution 
diet+4: subtract 
dim+1: blurred 
dim+2: dark 
dim+3: ize 
dim+4: vague 
direct+1: bear 
direct+2: direct 
direct+3: guide 
dirty+1: BadSocial 
dirty+2: despicable 
dirty+3: dirty 
dirty+4: lascivious 
disc+1: shape 
disc+3: tool 
dismal+1: dark 
dismal+2: dismal 
dismal+3: miserable 
dismal+4: stuffy 
dismiss+1: cease 
dismiss+2: discharge 
dismiss+3: dismiss 
dismiss+4: farewell 
disorder+1: MakeTrouble 
disorder+2: mishap 
disorder+3: phenomena 
dispirited+1: disappointed 
dispirited+2: disheartened 
dispirited+3: FeelingByBad 
dispirited+4: inactive 
displace+1: CauseToMove 
displace+3: replace 
displace+4: SelfMove 
display+1: display 
display+2: exposure 
display+3: show 
display+4: ShowOff 
dispose+1: arrange 
dispose+2: dispatch 
dispose+3: finish 
dispose+4: handle 
dissolve+1: cease 
dissolve+2: disappear 
dissolve+3: remove 
dissolve+4: separate 
disturbance+1: fact 
disturbance+2: MakeTrouble 
disturbance+3: MakeWorried 
disturbance+4: mix 
do+1: alive 
do+2: CauseToLive 
do+3: do 
do+4: produce 
domestic+1: artificial 
domestic+2: family 
domestic+3: location 
domestic+4: native 
domination+1: Advantage 
domination+2: control 
domination+3: Power 
donation+1: donate 
donation+3: money 
donation+4: physical 
dormancy+1: Circumstances 
dormancy+2: quiet 
dormancy+3: sleep 
drain+1: drain 
drain+2: dredge 
drain+3: exhaust 
drain+4: facilities 
draw+1: GetKnowledge 
draw+2: inhale 
draw+3: MakeEqual 
draw+4: PickOut 
drift+1: facilities 
drift+2: float 
drift+3: part 
drift+4: roam 
drill+1: drill 
drill+3: stab 
drill+4: teach 
drug+1: addict 
drug+2: drug 
drug+3: medicine 
dry+1: boring 
dry+2: dried 
dry+3: dry 
dry+4: waterless 
dullness+1: blunt 
dullness+2: dark 
dullness+3: NotQuick 
dullness+4: stiff 
dully+1: boring 
dully+2: dark 
dully+3: foolish 
dully+4: NotQuick 
duplication+1: artifact 
duplication+2: BeSimilar 
duplication+3: copy 
duplication+4: imitate 
easy+1: cosy 
easy+2: easy 
easy+3: gradual 
easy+4: idle 
edge+1: Advantage 
edge+2: GoForward 
edge+3: part 
egg+1: food 
egg+2: incite 
egg+3: part 
embellish+1: beautify 
embellish+2: boast 
embellish+3: decorate 
embellish+4: MakeBetter 
embellishment+1: beautify 
embellishment+2: boast 
embellishment+3: decorate 
embellishment+4: MakeBetter 
emission+1: Amount 
emission+2: drain 
emission+3: jet 
emission+4: physical 
employment+1: affairs 
employment+2: employ 
employment+3: engage 
employment+4: use 
endurance+1: Ability 
endurance+2: endure 
endurance+3: Strength 
endurance+4: withstand 
engage+1: connect 
engage+2: employ 
engage+3: engage 
enliven+1: CauseToLive 
enliven+2: excited 
enliven+3: ize 
entangle+1: coil 
entangle+2: fasten 
entangle+3: MakeTrouble 
entangle+4: twine 
entertainment+1: affairs 
entertainment+2: entertain 
entertainment+3: recreation 
entertainment+4: WellTreat 
equivalent+1: alike 
equivalent+2: equal 
equivalent+3: expression 
equivalent+4: Quantity 
erection+1: build 
erection+2: install 
erection+3: put 
erection+4: upmove 
escort+1: follow 
escort+2: protect 
escort+3: transport 
escort+4: weapon 
essential+1: aspiration 
essential+2: important 
essential+3: necessary 
essential+4: part 
even+1: balanced 
even+2: double 
even+3: FuncWord 
evolve+1: appear 
evolve+2: change 
evolve+3: grow 
evolve+4: prosper 
examination+1: analyze 
examination+2: check 
examination+3: diagnose 
examination+4: fact 
example+1: example 
example+3: human 
example+4: regulation 
exclude+1: contain 
exclude+2: discharge 
exclude+3: expel 
exclude+4: remove 
expand+1: CauseToGrow 
expand+2: enlarge 
expand+3: grow 
expand+4: MakeBetter 
expansion+1: CauseToGrow 
expansion+2: enlarge 
expansion+3: FormChange 
expansion+4: grow 
expedient+1: able 
expedient+2: flexible 
expedient+3: method 
expedient+4: plans 
express+1: express 
express+2: fast 
express+3: LandVehicle 
express+4: post 
expression+1: Countenance 
expression+2: express 
expression+3: expression 
expression+4: information 
extensive+1: BehaviorValue 
extensive+2: broad 
extensive+3: extensive 
extensive+4: substantial 
external+1: external 
external+2: foreign 
external+3: location 
external+4: part 
extortion+1: cheat 
extortion+2: rob 
extortion+3: seek 
extraction+1: gather 
extraction+3: PickOut 
extraction+4: SqueezeOut 
extraordinarily+1: extraordinary 
extraordinarily+2: fantastic 
extraordinarily+3: special 
extraordinarily+4: very 
faint+1: blurred 
faint+2: dark 
faint+3: dizzy 
faint+4: vague 
faintly+1: blurred 
faintly+2: dark 
faintly+3: LowVoice 
faintly+4: vague 
fancy+1: Ability 
fancy+2: luxurious 
fancy+3: queer 
fancy+4: think 
fantastic+1: difficult 
fantastic+2: fantastic 
fantastic+3: queer 
fantastic+4: wrong 
fantastically+1: difficult 
fantastically+2: fantastic 
fantastically+3: queer 
fantastically+4: wrong 
fascinating+1: Attitude 
fascinating+2: attractive 
fascinating+3: bewitching 
fascinating+4: interesting 
fat+1: fat 
fat+2: fertile 
fat+3: material 
fat+4: part 
feature+1: Appearance 
feature+2: display 
feature+3: Peculiarity 
feature+4: Property 
feel+1: cherish 
feel+2: feel 
feel+3: perception 
feel+4: regard 
female+1: animal 
female+2: female 
female+3: human 
female+4: plant 
feminine+1: female 
feminine+2: feminine 
feminine+3: Kind 
feminine+4: PatternValue 
ferment+1: fact 
ferment+2: ize 
ferment+3: produce 
ferment+4: StateChange 
finely+1: beautiful 
finely+2: dense 
finely+3: HighQuality 
finely+4: refined 
finish+1: cease 
finish+2: end 
finish+3: finish 
finish+4: fulfil 
fire+1: burn 
fire+2: discharge 
fire+3: fact 
fire+4: fire 
first+1: early 
first+2: first 
first+3: FuncWord 
first+4: ordinal 
fish+1: catch 
fish+2: fish 
fish+3: food 
fish+4: seek 
fishy+1: abnormal 
fishy+2: fishy 
fishy+3: queer 
fishy+4: stinky 
fit+1: angry 
fit+2: fit 
fit+3: install 
fit+4: obey 
fix+1: decide 
fix+2: delimit 
fix+3: fix 
fix+4: install 
flaming+1: ardent 
flaming+2: red 
flaming+3: StateChange 
flaming+4: strong 
flat+1: AlterForm 
flat+2: boring 
flat+3: flat 
flat+4: house 
fleet+1: community 
fleet+2: float 
fleet+3: part 
fleet+4: ship 
float+1: establish 
float+2: float 
float+3: LandVehicle 
float+4: QuantityChange 
flutter+1: fly 
flutter+3: shiver 
foil+1: fact 
foil+2: obstruct 
foil+3: shape 
foil+4: SportTool 
fold+1: facilities 
fold+2: fold 
fold+3: part 
fold+4: shut 
follow+1: engage 
follow+2: follow 
follow+3: GoOn 
follow+4: imitate 
force+1: army 
force+2: force 
force+3: Power 
foreign+1: alien 
foreign+2: foreign 
foreign+3: location 
foreign+4: place 
formulate+1: delimit 
formulate+2: explain 
formulate+3: forming 
formulate+4: use 
forward+1: forward 
forward+2: InFront 
forward+3: issue 
forward+4: location 
fraudulence+1: cheat 
fraudulence+2: deceive 
fraudulence+3: fact 
free+1: empty 
free+2: free 
free+3: FreeOfCharge 
free+4: idle 
front+1: community 
front+2: facing 
front+3: location 
front+4: part 
frost+1: ice 
frost+2: RainSnow 
frost+3: StateChange 
frost+4: weather 
fruit+1: accomplishment 
fruit+2: fruit 
fruit+3: part 
fruit+4: result 
full+1: complete 
full+2: dense 
full+3: full 
full+4: many 
function+1: expression 
function+2: function 
function+3: Role 
function+4: succeed 
fusion+1: burn 
fusion+2: merge 
fusion+3: StateChange 
gain+1: Advantage 
gain+2: BecomeMore 
gain+3: earn 
gain+4: obtain 
gallop+1: GoForward 
gallop+2: jump 
gallop+3: run 
gallop+4: SelfMove 
gas+1: gas 
gas+3: material 
gather+1: assemble 
gather+2: ComeTogether 
gather+3: gather 
giant+1: big 
giant+2: celestial 
giant+3: human 
giant+4: InstitutePlace 
give+1: CauseToDo 
give+2: decide 
give+3: display 
give+4: express 
gloomy+1: dark 
gloomy+2: disheartened 
gloomy+3: sad 
gloomy+4: upset 
go+1: become 
go+2: go 
go+3: LeaveFor 
go+4: OutOfOrder 
gracious+1: amiable 
gracious+2: gentle 
gracious+3: gracious 
gracious+4: polite 
grand+1: dignified 
grand+2: exuberant 
grand+3: fantastic 
grand+4: grand 
grant+1: agree 
grant+2: give 
grant+3: grant 
grasp+1: hold 
grasp+2: know 
grasp+3: understand 
grasp+4: use 
grave+1: carve 
grave+2: dangerous 
grave+3: dignified 
grave+4: facilities 
green+1: able 
green+2: green 
green+3: land 
green+4: PropertyValue 
grip+1: attract 
grip+2: hold 
grip+3: part 
grip+4: pick 
ground+1: bump 
ground+2: grind 
ground+3: land 
ground+4: part 
group+1: classify 
group+2: community 
group+3: establish 
group+4: group 
hail+1: cry 
hail+2: RainSnow 
hail+3: SayHello 
hail+4: WeatherBad 
harass+1: damage 
harass+3: MakeTrouble 
harass+4: upset 
harbour+1: CeaseCauseTOMove 
harbour+2: cherish 
harbour+3: facilities 
harbour+4: hide 
hard+1: difficult 
hard+2: diligent 
hard+3: hard 
hard+4: miserable 
harmonious+1: coordinate 
harmonious+2: euphonious 
harmonious+3: harmonious 
harmonious+4: proper 
harness+1: control 
harness+2: drive 
harness+3: prepare 
harness+4: tool 
harsh+1: coarse 
harsh+2: severe 
harsh+3: stiff 
harsh+4: unfriendly 
harshly+1: fierce 
harshly+2: severe 
harshly+3: stiff 
harshly+4: unfriendly 
hasten+1: SelfMove 
hasten+2: SpeedUp 
hasten+3: urge 
hasten+4: VieFor 
hate+1: blame 
hate+2: disgust 
hate+3: emotion 
hate+4: hate 
have+1: CauseToDo 
have+2: cherish 
have+3: drink 
have+4: eat 
hear+1: investigate 
hear+2: know 
hear+3: perception 
hear+4: start 
hedge+1: fittings 
hedge+2: KeepSilence 
hedge+3: part 
hedge+4: surround 
hereafter+1: FuncWord 
hereafter+2: future 
hereafter+3: time 
hide+1: cover 
hide+2: hide 
hide+3: HideTruth 
hide+4: material 
high+1: expensive 
high+2: GreaterThanNormal 
high+3: high 
high+4: HighRank 
hint+1: express 
hint+3: information 
hint+4: mean 
hold+1: occupy 
hold+2: own 
hold+3: regard 
hold+4: restrain 
hollow+1: dented 
hollow+2: empty 
hollow+3: flighty 
hollow+4: insubstantial 
home+1: facilities 
home+2: family 
home+3: GoBack 
home+4: house 
homely+1: ordinary 
homely+2: thrifty 
homely+3: ugly 
homely+4: unattractive 
hook+1: clothing 
hook+2: detain 
hook+3: fact 
hook+4: propose 
host+1: animate 
host+2: entertain 
host+3: human 
host+4: machine 
hot+1: flourishing 
hot+2: hot 
hot+3: peppery 
hot+4: PropertyValue 
humble+1: despicable 
humble+2: LowRank 
humble+3: modest 
humble+4: negligible 
humbly+1: despicable 
humbly+2: LowRank 
humbly+3: modest 
humbly+4: negligible 
idle+1: DoNot 
idle+2: idle 
idle+3: lazy 
idle+4: rotate 
illustration+1: describe 
illustration+2: example 
illustration+3: explain 
illustration+4: image 
improvement+1: BeRecovered 
improvement+2: improve 
improvement+3: prosper 
improvement+4: result 
inch+1: GoForward 
inch+2: GoUp 
inch+3: Unit 
incisive+1: accurate 
incisive+2: perceptive 
incisive+3: profound 
incisive+4: strong 
incisively+1: accurate 
incisively+2: perceptive 
incisively+3: profound 
incisively+4: strong 
indistinct+1: blurred 
indistinct+2: dark 
indistinct+3: lucid 
indistinct+4: vague 
inflame+1: burn 
inflame+2: inflamed 
inflame+3: irritate 
inflame+4: lighting 
ingeniously+1: able 
ingeniously+2: clever 
ingeniously+3: dexterous 
ingeniously+4: fantastic 
initial+1: elementary 
initial+2: original 
initial+3: StageEarly 
initial+4: write 
initiate+1: begin 
initiate+2: establish 
initiate+3: human 
initiate+4: ResultIn 
initiation+1: begin 
initiation+2: establish 
initiation+3: part 
initiation+4: ResultIn 
inscription+1: carve 
inscription+2: sign 
inscription+3: text 
insignificant+1: few 
insignificant+2: insubstantial 
insignificant+3: negligible 
insignificant+4: unimportant 
inspect+1: check 
inspect+3: investigate 
inspect+4: supervise 
inspection+1: check 
inspection+3: investigate 
inspection+4: supervise 
instant+1: able 
instant+2: prompt 
instant+3: soon 
instant+4: time 
instruction+1: information 
instruction+2: order 
instruction+3: teach 
instrument+1: human 
instrument+2: implement 
instrument+3: MusicTool 
instrument+4: tool 
interpose+1: engage 
interpose+2: insert 
interpose+3: MakeTrouble 
interpose+4: propose 
intervene+1: engage 
intervene+3: MakeTrouble 
intervene+4: mediate 
inverse+1: backward 
inverse+2: hind 
inverse+3: reverse 
inverse+4: treacherous 
irregularity+1: disobey 
irregularity+2: GeoIrregular 
irregularity+3: phenomena 
issue+1: admit 
issue+2: announce 
issue+3: issue 
jam+1: BlockUp 
jam+2: food 
jam+3: MakeTrouble 
jam+4: suffer 
jet+1: aircraft 
jet+2: jet 
jet+3: material 
join+1: ally 
join+2: ComeTogether 
join+3: connect 
join+4: include 
joint+1: associate 
joint+2: collective 
joint+3: connect 
joint+4: drug 
judge+1: estimate 
judge+3: human 
juggle+1: deceive 
juggle+2: IllTreat 
juggle+3: perform 
juggle+4: shows 
just+1: accurate 
just+2: fair 
just+3: FuncWord 
just+4: past 
keen+1: clever 
keen+2: perceptive 
keen+3: profound 
keen+4: sharp 
keenly+1: clever 
keenly+2: GreaterThanNormal 
keenly+3: perceptive 
keenly+4: profound 
keenness+1: emotion 
keenness+2: perceptive 
keenness+3: Perceptiveness 
keenness+4: Sharpness 
keep+1: associate 
keep+2: congratulate 
keep+3: foster 
keep+4: keep 
kind+1: amiable 
kind+2: benevolent 
kind+3: Kind 
knot+1: AlterForm 
knot+2: fasten 
knot+3: fittings 
knot+4: part 
label+1: express 
label+2: judge 
label+3: mark 
label+4: tool 
laggard+1: human 
laggard+2: inferior 
laggard+3: lazy 
laggard+4: slow 
lash+1: beat 
lash+2: bump 
lash+3: part 
later+1: future 
later+2: late 
later+3: soon 
later+4: time 
lean+1: barren 
lean+2: bony 
lean+3: CausePartMove 
lean+4: CauseToDo 
leave+1: farewell 
leave+2: leave 
leave+3: part 
leave+4: PassOn 
level+1: AlterForm 
level+2: level 
level+3: part 
lie+1: deceive 
lie+2: LieDown 
lie+3: situated 
lie+4: text 
light+1: NotHeavy 
light+2: relax 
light+3: TasteLight 
light+4: tool 
lightly+1: flighty 
lightly+2: gentle 
lightly+3: gracious 
lightly+4: weak 
line+1: regulation 
line+2: route 
line+3: shape 
liquid+1: liquid 
liquid+3: PhysicState 
liquid+4: StateLiquid 
live+1: alive 
live+2: MakeLiving 
live+3: PropertyValue 
lively+1: bustling 
lively+2: interesting 
lively+3: nimble 
lively+4: sturdy 
living+1: alive 
living+2: animate 
living+3: Living 
living+4: true 
lobby+1: human 
lobby+2: persuade 
lobby+3: room 
lofty+1: great 
lofty+2: high 
lofty+3: HighRank 
lofty+4: noble 
lopsided+1: improper 
lopsided+2: malformed 
lopsided+3: pieced 
lopsided+4: slanted 
lose+1: CauseToDo 
lose+2: defeated 
lose+3: disappear 
lose+4: exhaust 
lovely+1: able 
lovely+2: beautiful 
lovely+3: BestQuality 
lovely+4: bewitching 
luxuriant+1: exuberant 
luxuriant+3: fertile 
luxuriant+4: many 
magnanimous+1: broadminded 
magnanimous+2: earnest 
magnanimous+3: extensive 
magnanimous+4: generous 
mail+1: letter 
mail+3: physical 
mail+4: post 
mainstay+1: human 
mainstay+2: important 
mainstay+3: organization 
mainstay+4: part 
major+1: human 
major+2: important 
major+3: knowledge 
major+4: primary 
mandate+1: ExpressAgreement 
mandate+2: manage 
mandate+3: place 
mandate+4: text 
manifest+1: account 
manifest+2: display 
manifest+3: lucid 
manifest+4: mean 
manifestation+1: appear 
manifestation+2: display 
manifestation+3: fact 
manifestation+4: phenomena 
mantle+1: clothing 
mantle+2: cover 
mantle+3: FormChange 
mantle+4: part 
march+1: fact 
march+2: GoForward 
march+3: walk 
margin+1: Boundary 
margin+2: location 
margin+3: part 
margin+4: Rate 
mass+1: Amount 
mass+2: assemble 
mass+3: ComeTogether 
mass+4: extensive 
matter+1: fact 
matter+2: important 
matter+3: physical 
matter+4: problem 
meagre+1: few 
meagre+2: insubstantial 
meagre+3: miserable 
meagre+4: negligible 
measure+1: Amount 
measure+2: measure 
measure+3: method 
measure+4: part 
measurement+1: Amount 
measurement+2: estimate 
measurement+3: measure 
measurement+4: Measurement 
meet+1: ComeTogether 
meet+2: fit 
meet+3: fulfil 
meet+4: meet 
mellow+1: become 
mellow+2: GoodTaste 
mellow+3: idle 
mellow+4: ize 
mesh+1: coil 
mesh+2: connect 
mesh+3: part 
mesh+4: shape 
mighty+1: great 
mighty+2: powerful 
mighty+3: strong 
mighty+4: sturdy 
mime+1: human 
mime+2: imitate 
mime+3: shows 
mind+1: disgust 
mind+2: mental 
mind+3: PayAttention 
mind+4: TakeCare 
mining+1: affairs 
mining+2: dig 
mining+3: gather 
mining+4: put 
misery+1: Circumstances 
misery+2: miserable 
misery+3: mishap 
misery+4: phenomena 
miss+1: despise 
miss+2: disappear 
miss+3: fail 
miss+4: human 
mix+1: add 
mix+2: confuse 
mix+3: mix 
mix+4: produce 
moderate+1: human 
moderate+2: intermediate 
moderate+3: weak 
moderate+4: weaken 
modification+1: adjust 
modification+2: alter 
modification+3: amend 
modification+4: describe 
moral+1: Behavior 
moral+2: experience 
moral+3: mental 
moral+4: moral 
motley+1: BecomeMore 
motley+2: colored 
motley+3: mixed 
motley+4: thing 
mould+1: bacteria 
mould+2: cultivate 
mould+3: produce 
mould+4: tool 
muddy+1: blurred 
muddy+2: dirty 
muddy+3: pollute 
muddy+4: soft 
multiplication+1: add 
multiplication+2: BecomeMore 
multiplication+3: method 
multiplication+4: reproduce 
nail+1: decide 
nail+2: fix 
nail+3: part 
nail+4: tool 
narrow+1: narrow 
narrow+2: narrowminded 
narrow+3: nonextensive 
narrow+4: shrink 
national+1: human 
national+2: native 
national+3: place 
national+4: wholly 
natural+1: honest 
natural+2: natural 
natural+3: NaturalThing 
natural+4: original 
neat+1: level 
neat+2: neat 
neat+3: symmetrical 
neat+4: tidy 
nice+1: GoodLooking 
nice+2: GoodTaste 
nice+3: HighQuality 
nice+4: polite 
nobility+1: community 
nobility+2: HighRank 
nobility+3: human 
nobility+4: noble 
obstruction+1: block 
obstruction+2: BlockUp 
obstruction+3: obstruct 
obstruction+4: Strength 
offhand+1: accidental 
offhand+2: prompt 
offhand+3: unintentional 
offhand+4: unready 
offset+1: equal 
offset+2: recompense 
offset+3: time 
offset+4: weaken 
oil+1: congratulate 
oil+2: lubricate 
oil+3: material 
old+1: aged 
old+2: AgeOlder 
old+3: past 
old+4: TimeLong 
open+1: establish 
open+2: free 
open+3: from 
open+4: open 
operation+1: calculate 
operation+2: control 
operation+3: fact 
organ+1: institution 
organ+2: MusicTool 
organ+3: part 
organ+4: publications 
outline+1: describe 
outline+2: draw 
outline+3: part 
overlook+1: despise 
overlook+2: facing 
overlook+3: forget 
overlook+4: look 
pacification+1: attack 
pacification+2: calm 
pacification+3: restrain 
pacification+4: resume 
pad+1: account 
pad+2: boast 
pad+3: NounUnit 
pad+4: part 
paint+1: apply 
paint+2: describe 
paint+3: draw 
paint+4: image 
pale+1: dark 
pale+2: grey 
pale+3: light 
pale+4: white 
part+1: component 
part+2: farewell 
part+3: human 
part+4: part 
passive+1: inactive 
passive+2: passive 
passive+3: Property 
passive+4: PropertyValue 
past+1: FuncWord 
past+2: past 
past+3: Performance 
past+4: phenomena 
paste+1: apply 
paste+2: fasten 
paste+3: food 
paste+4: material 
pattern+1: example 
pattern+2: law 
pattern+3: Pattern 
pattern+4: tool 
penetrate+1: GoInto 
penetrate+2: GoThrough 
penetrate+3: influence 
penetrate+4: know 
penetrating+1: accurate 
penetrating+2: detailed 
penetrating+3: GoInto 
penetrating+4: perceptive 
penetration+1: GoInto 
penetration+2: GoThrough 
penetration+3: influence 
penetration+4: know 
percussion+1: beat 
percussion+2: bump 
percussion+3: method 
percussion+4: music 
perennial+1: AttachmentValue 
perennial+2: plant 
perennial+3: TimeLong 
perfect+1: BestQuality 
perfect+2: complete 
perfect+3: fantastic 
perfect+4: MakeBetter 
performance+1: Behavior 
performance+2: conduct 
performance+3: fact 
permit+1: agree 
permit+2: CauseToDo 
permit+3: document 
pertinacity+1: aspiration 
pertinacity+2: resolute 
pertinacity+3: Resoluteness 
pertinacity+4: stubborn 
perturbed+1: chaotic 
perturbed+2: rash 
perturbed+3: uneasy 
perturbed+4: upset 
perverse+1: BadTemper 
perverse+2: covert 
perverse+3: fierce 
perverse+4: stubborn 
perversely+1: abnormal 
perversely+2: backward 
perversely+3: fierce 
perversely+4: stubborn 
petty+1: difficult 
petty+2: narrowminded 
petty+3: trivial 
petty+4: unimportant 
phase+1: adjust 
phase+2: arrange 
phase+3: Circumstances 
phase+4: part 
pick+1: choose 
pick+2: gather 
pick+3: pick 
pick+4: PickOut 
piecemeal+1: FormChange 
piecemeal+2: incomplete 
piecemeal+3: InSequence 
piecemeal+4: stepwise 
piercing+1: cacophonic 
piercing+2: clever 
piercing+3: cold 
piercing+4: shrill 
pilot+1: drive 
pilot+3: guide 
pilot+4: human 
pin+1: fasten 
pin+2: obstruct 
pin+3: tool 
pinch+1: break 
pinch+2: pick 
pinch+3: press 
pinch+4: SqueezeOut 
placard+1: announce 
placard+2: mark 
placard+3: readings 
placard+4: text 
plainly+1: lucid 
plainly+2: plain 
plainly+3: simple 
plainly+4: thrifty 
plan+1: arrange 
plan+2: image 
plan+3: plan 
plan+4: plans 
plaster+1: apply 
plaster+3: medicine 
plaster+4: shape 
pledge+1: announce 
pledge+2: pawn 
pledge+3: physical 
pledge+4: swear 
plump+1: fat 
plump+2: fertile 
plump+3: sufficient 
plump+4: widediameter 
ply+1: function 
ply+3: NounUnit 
ply+4: VehicleGo 
pointless+1: blunt 
pointless+2: insubstantial 
pointless+3: pointless 
pointless+4: rash 
poison+1: chemical 
poison+2: damage 
poison+3: kill 
poison+4: physical 
pose+1: Behavior 
pose+2: forming 
pose+3: Posture 
pose+4: propose 
possession+1: Ability 
possession+2: own 
possession+3: place 
possession+4: thing 
pour+1: dump 
pour+2: fill 
pour+3: flow 
pour+4: irrigate 
powder+1: apply 
powder+2: grind 
powder+3: material 
powder+4: medicine 
practice+1: affairs 
practice+2: conduct 
practice+3: drill 
precipitation+1: Amount 
precipitation+2: hasty 
precipitation+3: separate 
precipitation+4: WeatherBad 
presentation+1: express 
presentation+2: GiveAsGift 
presentation+3: location 
presentation+4: submit 
presently+1: present 
presently+2: prompt 
presently+3: soon 
presently+4: TimeShort 
prevail+1: exist 
prevail+2: prosper 
prevail+3: succeed 
prevail+4: surpass 
principle+1: Property 
principle+2: reason 
principle+3: regulation 
principle+4: Standard 
produce+1: artifact 
produce+2: create 
produce+3: display 
produce+4: produce 
profess+1: announce 
profess+2: express 
profess+3: naming 
profess+4: speak 
profit+1: Advantage 
profit+2: advantageous 
profit+3: earn 
profit+4: obtain 
profound+1: GreaterThanNormal 
profound+2: intimate 
profound+3: perceptive 
profound+4: profound 
promotion+1: endorse 
promotion+2: MakeBetter 
promotion+3: upgrade 
promotion+4: urge 
prompt+1: effortless 
prompt+2: fast 
prompt+3: nimble 
prompt+4: prompt 
prop+1: endorse 
prop+2: HoldWithHand 
prop+3: part 
proper+1: AttachmentValue 
proper+2: correct 
proper+3: proper 
proper+4: suitable 
provoke+1: excite 
provoke+2: incite 
provoke+3: incur 
provoke+4: irritate 
puff+1: exhale 
puff+2: food 
puff+3: pant 
puff+4: tool 
pursue+1: attack 
pursue+2: catch 
pursue+3: chase 
pursue+4: conduct 
pursuit+1: attack 
pursuit+2: chase 
pursuit+3: conduct 
pursuit+4: LookFor 
queer+1: abnormal 
queer+2: eccentric 
queer+3: fishy 
queer+4: queer 
quiet+1: calm 
quiet+2: peaceful 
quiet+3: plain 
quiet+4: quiet 
quietly+1: covert 
quietly+2: peaceful 
quietly+3: quiet 
quietly+4: silent 
raise+1: lift 
raise+2: MakeBetter 
raise+3: MakeHigher 
raise+4: propose 
rake+1: AlterForm 
rake+2: LookFor 
rake+3: split 
rake+4: tilt 
ram+1: beat 
ram+2: bump 
ram+3: feed 
ram+4: livestock 
rare+1: few 
rare+2: precious 
rare+3: rarely 
rare+4: watery 
rarity+1: few 
rarity+2: rarely 
rarity+3: thing 
rarity+4: treasure 
reach+1: AmountTo 
reach+2: arrive 
reach+3: fulfil 
reach+4: SelfMoveInManner 
reason+1: Ability 
reason+2: cause 
reason+3: explain 
reason+4: reason 
receipt+1: bill 
receipt+3: include 
receipt+4: receive 
receive+1: bear 
receive+2: entertain 
receive+3: meet 
receive+4: receive 
reception+1: collect 
reception+2: entertain 
reception+3: fact 
reception+4: receive 
reckon+1: calculate 
reckon+2: estimate 
reckon+3: guess 
reckon+4: regard 
recognition+1: admit 
recognition+3: distinguish 
recognition+4: emotion 
recognize+1: admit 
recognize+3: distinguish 
recognize+4: know 
recoil+1: BeRecovered 
recoil+2: CausePartMove 
recoil+3: GoBackward 
recruit+1: call 
recruit+2: employ 
recruit+3: human 
recruit+4: include 
reduce+1: BecomeLess 
reduce+2: defeat 
reduce+3: doctor 
reduce+4: shrink 
reed+1: FlowerGrass 
reed+3: MusicTool 
reed+4: part 
refine+1: gracious 
refine+2: MakeBetter 
refine+3: produce 
refine+4: refine 
refinement+1: Abstruseness 
refinement+2: adjust 
refinement+3: Grace 
refinement+4: MakeBetter 
reflection+1: illuminate 
reflection+2: image 
reflection+3: mean 
reflection+4: think 
register+1: account 
register+3: part 
register+4: post 
reinforce+1: add 
reinforce+2: help 
reinforce+3: MakeBetter 
reinforce+4: strengthen 
rejection+1: abandon 
rejection+2: discharge 
rejection+3: fact 
rejection+4: prohibit 
relax+1: AtEase 
relax+2: enjoy 
relax+3: loosen 
relax+4: weaken 
reliably+1: Reliability 
reliably+2: reliable 
reliably+3: safe 
reliably+4: steady 
remains+1: be 
remains+2: exist 
remains+3: part 
remit+1: exempt 
remit+3: post 
remittance+1: exempt 
remittance+3: money 
remittance+4: post 
remote+1: DistanceValue 
remote+2: far 
remote+3: fittings 
remote+4: TimeLong 
repayment+1: money 
repayment+2: payment 
repayment+3: recompense 
repayment+4: return 
repel+1: discharge 
repel+2: expel 
repel+3: obstruct 
repel+4: reject 
reproduce+1: appear 
reproduce+2: print 
reproduce+3: produce 
reproduce+4: reproduce 
requisition+1: aspiration 
requisition+2: levy 
requisition+4: request 
resistance+1: Ability 
resistance+2: reject 
resistance+3: resist 
resistance+4: Resistance 
resolve+1: aspiration 
resolve+2: decide 
resolve+3: handle 
resolve+4: separate 
rest+1: other 
rest+2: rest 
rest+3: sleep 
rest+4: symbol 
resurrect+1: BeRecovered 
resurrect+3: resume 
review+1: check 
review+3: drill 
review+4: estimate 
revise+1: adjust 
revise+2: amend 
revise+3: compile 
revise+4: drill 
revision+1: adjust 
revision+2: amend 
revision+3: compile 
revision+4: drill 
revolve+1: circle 
revolve+2: coil 
revolve+3: GoRound 
revolve+4: rotate 
reward+1: fact 
reward+2: payment 
reward+3: recompense 
reward+4: reward 
rib+1: food 
rib+2: IllTreat 
rib+3: part 
rock+1: CausePartMove 
rock+2: music 
rock+3: roll 
rock+4: shake 
rosy+1: able 
rosy+2: joyful 
rosy+3: optimistic 
rosy+4: red 
rotten+1: BadSocial 
rotten+2: decline 
rotten+3: immoral 
rotten+4: OutOfOrder 
rough+1: careless 
rough+2: coarse 
rough+3: explain 
rough+4: fierce 
rouse+1: call 
rouse+2: excite 
rouse+3: excited 
rouse+4: urge 
row+1: drive 
row+3: NounUnit 
row+4: quarrel 
ruin+1: damage 
ruin+3: destroy 
ruin+4: mishap 
rule+1: judge 
rule+2: manage 
rule+3: Power 
rule+4: regulation 
safe+1: peaceful 
safe+2: safe 
safe+3: steady 
safe+4: tool 
sail+1: drive 
sail+3: part 
sail+4: start 
save+1: economize 
save+2: rescue 
save+3: SetAside 
scan+1: forming 
scan+2: look 
scan+3: read 
scan+4: take 
scattered+1: few 
scattered+2: incomplete 
scattered+3: rarely 
scattered+4: sparse 
score+1: obtain 
score+3: publications 
score+4: symbol 
seal+1: beast 
seal+2: cover 
seal+3: shut 
seal+4: tool 
season+1: adjust 
season+2: fit 
season+3: time 
secure+1: guarantee 
secure+2: protect 
secure+3: safe 
secure+4: stabilize 
sedate+1: composed 
sedate+2: dignified 
sedate+3: feed 
sedate+4: peaceful 
seize+1: catch 
seize+2: hold 
seize+3: obtain 
seize+4: occupy 
sensible+1: clever 
sensible+2: reasonable 
sensible+3: sensible 
sensible+4: wise 
separate+1: alone 
separate+2: disconnect 
separate+3: from 
separate+4: individual 
serious+1: cautious 
serious+2: dangerous 
serious+3: important 
serious+4: serious 
serve+1: engage 
serve+2: entertain 
serve+3: provide 
serve+4: shoot 
settle+1: handle 
settle+2: MakeAppointment 
settle+3: reside 
settle+4: undergo 
setup+1: install 
setup+2: institution 
setup+3: part 
setup+4: Pattern 
severe+1: disadvantageous 
severe+2: serious 
severe+3: strict 
severe+4: strong 
shake+1: excite 
shake+2: shake 
shake+3: shiver 
shake+4: sound 
sharp+1: accurate 
sharp+2: clever 
sharp+3: perceptive 
sharp+4: profound 
sheer+1: extreme 
sheer+2: steep 
sheer+3: TurnRound 
sheer+4: wholly 
shift+1: alter 
shift+2: give 
shift+3: replace 
shift+4: TakeAway 
shine+1: AlterBrightness 
shine+2: illuminate 
shine+3: lights 
shine+4: StateChange 
shiny+1: bright 
shiny+2: polished 
shiny+3: StateChange 
shiny+4: WeatherFine 
ship+1: InstitutePlace 
ship+2: ship 
ship+3: transport 
shock+1: attack 
shock+2: dizzy 
shock+3: fear 
shock+4: frighten 
short+1: insufficient 
short+2: LengthShort 
short+3: StatureShort 
short+4: TimeShort 
shoulder+1: bear 
shoulder+2: CarryOnBack 
shoulder+3: part 
show+1: display 
show+2: exposure 
show+3: express 
show+4: guide 
showily+1: colored 
showily+2: flighty 
showily+3: luxurious 
showily+4: magnificent 
simple+1: honest 
simple+2: plain 
simple+3: pure 
simple+4: simple 
sing+1: cry 
sing+2: recite 
sing+3: recreation 
sing+4: sing 
single+1: choose 
single+2: pure 
single+3: single 
single+4: unmarried 
slack+1: loose 
slack+2: relax 
slack+3: slack 
slack+4: wane 
slacken+1: loosen 
slacken+2: relax 
slacken+3: slack 
slacken+4: weaken 
slash+1: beat 
slash+2: cut 
slash+3: land 
slash+4: subtract 
slender+1: bony 
slender+2: fine 
slender+3: gracious 
slender+4: StatureTall 
slide+1: part 
slide+2: route 
slide+3: slide 
slide+4: tool 
slight+1: despise 
slight+2: IllTreat 
slight+3: insufficiently 
slight+4: negligible 
slip+1: document 
slip+2: FallDown 
slip+3: GoDown 
slip+4: result 
sloppily+1: careful 
sloppily+2: careless 
sloppily+3: lazy 
sloppily+4: sloppy 
sloppy+1: careful 
sloppy+2: careless 
sloppy+3: flighty 
sloppy+4: lazy 
slovenly+1: careless 
slovenly+2: flighty 
slovenly+3: lazy 
slovenly+4: sloppy 
sluggish+1: inactive 
sluggish+2: lazy 
sluggish+3: slow 
sluggish+4: tired 
smart+1: beautiful 
smart+2: clever 
smart+3: dexterous 
smart+4: wise 
smear+1: apply 
smear+2: pollute 
smear+3: slander 
smear+4: trace 
smirch+1: Demerit 
smirch+2: pollute 
smirch+3: slander 
smirch+4: trace 
smoke+1: addict 
smoke+3: CloudMist 
smoke+4: cook 
smooth+1: AlterForm 
smooth+2: discharge 
smooth+3: easy 
smooth+4: fluent 
smoothness+1: Deftness 
smoothness+2: easy 
smoothness+3: fluent 
smoothness+4: SmoothFinish 
snipe+1: bird 
snipe+2: ExpressAgainst 
snipe+3: firing 
snipe+4: hide 
snivel+1: ExpressDissatisfaction 
snivel+2: ill 
snivel+3: part 
snivel+4: weep 
soak+1: dizzy 
soak+2: moisten 
soak+3: propose 
soak+4: soak 
soft+1: euphonious 
soft+2: frail 
soft+3: gentle 
soft+4: LowVoice 
soften+1: ize 
soften+2: MakeLower 
soften+3: surrender 
soften+4: weaken 
sole+1: alone 
sole+2: fish 
sole+3: only 
sole+4: part 
solemn+1: austere 
solemn+2: dignified 
solemn+3: earnest 
solemn+4: stately 
solicitation+1: attract 
solicitation+2: beg 
solicitation+3: information 
solicitation+4: seek 
solidly+1: durable 
solidly+2: hard 
solidly+3: steady 
solidly+4: substantial 
solution+1: liquid 
solution+2: method 
solution+3: plans 
solution+4: result 
sound+1: steady 
sound+2: talking 
sound+3: tool 
sound+4: true 
sour+1: dark 
sour+2: OutOfOrder 
sour+3: sour 
sour+4: Taste 
spare+1: bony 
spare+2: economize 
spare+3: grudge 
spare+4: PropertyValue 
spark+1: fire 
spark+3: tool 
spark+4: TurnOn 
spatter+1: disperse 
spatter+2: GoDown 
spatter+3: pollute 
spatter+4: spray 
spell+1: MakeSound 
spell+2: mean 
spell+3: time 
spell+4: write 
spill+1: dump 
spill+2: spill 
spill+3: spray 
spill+4: spread 
spin+1: produce 
spin+2: rotate 
spin+3: shape 
spin+4: turn 
spirit+1: humanized 
spirit+3: medicine 
spirit+4: mental 
splendid+1: beautiful 
splendid+2: bright 
splendid+3: fantastic 
splendid+4: interesting 
splendidly+1: beautiful 
splendidly+2: bright 
splendidly+3: fantastic 
splendidly+4: interesting 
spoil+1: damage 
spoil+2: lavish 
spoil+3: like 
spoil+4: MakeTrouble 
sponsor+1: grant 
sponsor+2: handle 
sponsor+3: human 
spur+1: facilities 
spur+2: irritate 
spur+3: part 
squint+1: CausePartMove 
squint+3: look 
stagger+1: arrange 
stagger+2: BeAcross 
stagger+3: walk 
stagger+4: wave 
stake+1: gamble 
stake+2: HaveContest 
stake+3: part 
standard+1: example 
standard+2: law 
standard+3: qualified 
standard+4: Rank 
steel+1: cultivate 
steel+2: MakeBetter 
steel+3: metal 
stick+1: apply 
stick+2: fasten 
stick+3: shape 
stick+4: stab 
sting+1: damage 
sting+2: irritate 
sting+3: peppery 
sting+4: sting 
stir+1: excite 
stir+2: incite 
stir+3: mix 
stir+4: PlayWith 
stout+1: alcohol 
stout+2: fat 
stout+3: resolute 
stout+4: sturdy 
straighten+1: adjust 
straighten+2: amend 
straighten+3: CausePartMove 
straighten+4: straighten 
strange+1: abnormal 
strange+2: alien 
strange+3: queer 
strange+4: special 
strangely+1: abnormal 
strangely+2: queer 
strangely+3: special 
strangely+4: unfamiliar 
straw+1: FlowerGrass 
straw+3: part 
stress+1: emphasize 
stress+2: MakeSound 
stress+3: part 
stress+4: ParticularAbout 
strike+1: attack 
strike+2: beat 
strike+3: bump 
strike+4: cease 
string+1: fasten 
string+2: MusicTool 
string+3: NounUnit 
string+4: part 
strip+1: deprive 
strip+2: shape 
strip+3: shows 
strip+4: StripOff 
strong+1: durable 
strong+2: powerful 
strong+3: strong 
strong+4: sturdy 
stub+1: bill 
stub+2: mark 
stub+3: part 
study+1: discuss 
study+2: research 
study+3: room 
study+4: study 
sturdy+1: durable 
sturdy+2: resolute 
sturdy+3: steady 
sturdy+4: sturdy 
substantial+1: durable 
substantial+2: rich 
substantial+3: substantial 
substantial+4: sufficient 
succeed+1: follow 
succeed+2: KeepOn 
succeed+3: replace 
succeed+4: succeed 
suck+1: absorb 
suck+2: drink 
suck+3: GetKnowledge 
suck+4: PickOut 
suggestion+1: information 
suggestion+2: propose 
suggestion+3: recommend 
suggestion+4: text 
sumptuous+1: extravagant 
sumptuous+2: luxurious 
sumptuous+3: magnificent 
sumptuous+4: many 
superb+1: beautiful 
superb+2: BestQuality 
superb+3: extreme 
superb+4: fantastic 
superior+1: BestQuality 
superior+2: HighQuality 
superior+3: HighRank 
superior+4: human 
suppose+1: FuncWord 
suppose+2: guess 
suppose+3: predict 
suppose+4: regard 
suppress+1: attack 
suppress+2: frighten 
suppress+3: obstruct 
suppress+4: prohibit 
suppression+1: attack 
suppression+2: prohibit 
suppression+3: restrain 
sure+1: believe 
sure+2: fixed 
sure+3: FuncWord 
sure+4: lucid 
surge+1: BecomeMore 
surge+2: excited 
surge+3: flow 
surge+4: GoUp 
survey+1: Circumstances 
survey+2: investigate 
survey+3: measure 
suspend+1: delay 
suspend+2: hang 
suspend+3: obstruct 
sustain+1: endure 
sustain+2: GoOn 
sustain+3: suffer 
sustain+4: SupportWeight 
switch+1: alter 
switch+2: connect 
switch+3: facilities 
switch+4: part 
tablet+1: computer 
tablet+2: mark 
tablet+3: medicine 
tablet+4: Name 
tack+1: fasten 
tack+2: include 
tack+3: part 
tack+4: plans 
take+1: TakeVehicle 
take+3: use 
tally+1: accomplishment 
tally+2: count 
tally+3: document 
tally+4: DoSum 
tangerine+1: fruit 
tangerine+2: red 
tangerine+3: tree 
tangerine+4: yellow 
tasteful+1: GoodLooking 
tasteful+2: GoodTaste 
tasteful+3: gracious 
tasteful+4: refined 
tease+1: IllTreat 
tease+2: incur 
tease+3: loosen 
tease+4: mock 
then+1: FuncWord 
then+2: future 
then+3: past 
thoroughly+1: detailed 
thoroughly+2: extreme 
thoroughly+3: profound 
thoroughly+4: pure 
tick+1: InsectWorm 
tick+2: MakeSound 
tick+3: symbol 
tick+4: write 
tolerance+1: Boundary 
tolerance+2: endure 
tolerance+3: indulge 
tolerance+4: lenient 
toss+1: abandon 
toss+2: roll 
toss+3: shiver 
toss+4: throw 
tough+1: difficult 
tough+2: durable 
tough+3: fierce 
tough+4: human 
transit+1: cross 
transit+2: GoThrough 
transit+3: TakeVehicle 
transit+4: tool 
trap+1: catch 
trap+2: entice 
trap+3: facilities 
trap+4: fact 
treatise+1: publications 
treatise+3: text 
trifling+1: negligible 
trifling+2: trivial 
trifling+3: unimportant 
trifling+4: weak 
truly+1: earnest 
truly+2: faithful 
truly+3: FuncWord 
truly+4: honest 
tune+1: adjust 
tune+2: music 
tune+3: sound 
tune+4: SoundQuality 
unaffected+1: earnest 
unaffected+2: honest 
unaffected+3: impossible 
unaffected+4: thrifty 
uncouth+1: fierce 
uncouth+2: NotQuick 
uncouth+3: uncouth 
uncouth+4: vulgar 
understanding+1: Ability 
understanding+2: amiable 
understanding+3: pity 
understanding+4: thought 
undertake+1: bear 
undertake+2: conduct 
undertake+3: engage 
undertake+4: undertake 
uneven+1: asymmetrical 
uneven+2: different 
uneven+3: GeoIrregular 
uneven+4: level 
uniform+1: alike 
uniform+2: balanced 
uniform+3: clothing 
universal+1: EffectivityValue 
universal+2: extensive 
universal+3: international 
universal+4: RoleValue 
unofficial+1: AttachmentValue 
unofficial+2: informal 
unofficial+3: public 
unofficial+4: unimportant 
unrefined+1: crude 
unrefined+2: LowRank 
unrefined+3: uncouth 
unrefined+4: unprocessed 
unrestrained+1: frank 
unrestrained+2: free 
unrestrained+3: PropertyValue 
unrestrained+4: rash 
unusually+1: abnormal 
unusually+2: extraordinary 
unusually+3: queer 
unusually+4: rarely 
upright+1: frank 
upright+2: righteous 
upright+3: straight 
upright+4: upright 
upset+1: irritate 
upset+2: MakeTrouble 
upset+3: reverse 
upset+4: upset 
upsurge+1: BecomeMore 
upsurge+2: fact 
upsurge+3: GoUp 
upsurge+4: water 
useless+1: disadvantageous 
useless+2: redundant 
useless+3: unable 
useless+4: useless 
variable+1: celestial 
variable+2: changeable 
variable+3: Property 
variable+4: symbol 
vast+1: big 
vast+2: broad 
vast+3: extensive 
vast+4: great 
venomous+1: disadvantageous 
venomous+2: poisonous 
venomous+3: unfriendly 
venomous+4: wicked 
vent+1: clean 
vent+2: drain 
vent+3: facilities 
vent+4: location 
version+1: Kind 
version+2: readings 
version+3: text 
version+4: thing 
view+1: experience 
view+2: image 
view+3: look 
view+4: Range 
vigorous+1: dignified 
vigorous+2: flourishing 
vigorous+3: strong 
vigorous+4: sturdy 
vigorously+1: dignified 
vigorously+2: flourishing 
vigorously+3: strong 
vigorously+4: sturdy 
violate+1: damage 
violate+2: disobey 
violate+3: MakeBad 
violate+4: mating 
violation+1: damage 
violation+2: disobey 
violation+3: fact 
violation+4: MakeBad 
voice+1: aspiration 
voice+2: express 
voice+3: Property 
voice+4: sound 
void+1: empty 
void+2: excrete 
void+3: ineffective 
void+4: insubstantial 
voucher+1: bill 
voucher+2: coupon 
voucher+3: document 
voucher+4: human 
warrant+1: document 
warrant+2: guarantee 
warrant+3: order 
warrant+4: reason 
watch+1: defend 
watch+2: look 
watch+3: supervise 
watch+4: tool 
water+1: feed 
water+2: irrigate 
water+3: water 
water+4: waters 
weaken+1: decline 
weaken+2: dilute 
weaken+3: restrain 
weaken+4: weaken 
weakly+1: frail 
weakly+2: irresolute 
weakly+3: unhealthy 
weakly+4: weak 
weed+1: FlowerGrass 
weed+3: remove 
weigh+1: AmountTo 
weigh+2: estimate 
weigh+3: measure 
weigh+4: think 
wide+1: broad 
wide+2: extensive 
wide+3: wide 
wide+4: widediameter 
wild+1: desolate 
wild+2: fierce 
wild+3: rash 
wild+4: wild 
wilful+1: free 
wilful+2: intentional 
wilful+3: NotSensible 
wilful+4: rash 
wilfully+1: fierce 
wilfully+2: intentional 
wilfully+3: NotSensible 
wilfully+4: rash 
wind+1: circle 
wind+2: coil 
wind+3: crawl 
wind+4: FormChange 
word+1: character 
word+2: expression 
word+3: information 
word+4: text 
worm+1: human 
worm+2: InsectWorm 
worm+3: part 
worm+4: remove 
wound+1: damage 
wound+3: disease 
wound+4: emotion 
writing+1: character 
writing+2: compile 
writing+3: document 
writing+4: expression 
wrong+1: IllTreat 
wrong+2: misunderstand 
wrong+3: phenomena 
wrong+4: result 
yield+1: Amount 
yield+2: produce 
yield+3: surrender 
yield+4: wealth 
zigzag+1: become 
zigzag+2: crawl 
zigzag+3: curved 
zigzag+4: shape 

valve+1: implement part 
valve+2: AnimalHuman part 
agitation+1: excite 
agitation+2: fact 
agitation+3: incite 
agitation+4: excite MakeTrouble 

air+1:Bearing  
air+2: clean   
air+3: Countenance   
air+4: Demeanor  
air+5: disseminate   
air+6: gas   
air+8: publish   
appeal+1:Ability  
appeal+2: call   
appeal+3: Demeanor   
appeal+4: document  
appeal+5: emotion   
appeal+6: fact   
appeal+7: request   
arch+1:CausePartMove  
arch+3: curved   
arch+4: facilities  
arch+5: important   
arch+6: part   
arch+7: round   
arch+8: shape   
back+1:direction  
back+2: endorse   
back+3: FuncWord   
back+4: hind  
back+5: location   
back+6: part   
balance+1:Amount  
balance+2: AmountTo   
balance+3: balanced   
balance+4: CauseToDo  
balance+5: compare   
balance+6: equal   
balance+7: estimate   
balance+8: Rate   
bar+1:block  
bar+2: BlockUp   
bar+3: furniture   
bar+4: InstitutePlace  
bar+5: part   
bar+7: shape   
bar+8: symbol   
bare+1:disseminate  
bare+2: empty   
bare+4: exposure  
bare+5: few   
bare+6: naked   
bare+7: reveal   
bare+8: StripOff   
base+1:despicable  
base+2: facilities   
base+4: lascivious  
base+5: part   
bear+1:bear  
bear+2: beast   
bear+3: cherish   
bear+4: contain  
bear+5: endure   
bear+6: forming   
bear+7: PropUp   
bear+8: reproduce   
beat+1:attack  
beat+2: beat   
beat+3: cheat   
beat+4: damage  
beat+5: defeat   
beat+7: MakeMisunderstand   
beat+8: mix   
bill+1:bill  
bill+2: disseminate   
bill+3: document   
bill+4: money  
bill+5: part   
bill+7: readings   
bill+8: wealth   
block+1:block  
block+2: BlockUp   
block+3: exercise   
block+4: facilities  
block+5: NounUnit   
block+6: obstruct   
block+7: part   
block+8: place   
board+1:arrive  
board+2: edible   
board+3: institution   
board+4: material  
board+5: part   
board+7: reside   
board+8: shape   
bond+1:ally  
bond+2: coupon   
bond+3: document   
bond+4: expenditure  
bond+5: fasten   
bond+6: GetMarried   
bond+7: part   
bond+8: Pertinence   
bow+1:CausePartMove  
bow+3: fact   
bow+4: part  
bow+6: salute   
bow+7: shape   
bow+8: surrender   
branch+1:appear  
branch+2: branch   
branch+3: FormChange   
branch+4: part  
bubble+1:AlterForm  
bubble+2: aspiration   
bubble+3: Circumstances   
bubble+4: jet  
bubble+5: MakeSound   
bubble+6: shape   
burn+1:burn  
burn+2: damage   
burn+6: disease   
burn+7: peppery   
burn+8: StateChange   
call+1:call  
call+2: communicate   
call+3: cry   
call+4: fact  
call+5: manage   
call+6: naming   
call+7: propose   
call+8: use   
calm+1:AtEase  
calm+2: BeRecovered   
calm+3: calm   
calm+4: gentle  
calm+5: peaceful   
calm+6: quiet   
calm+7: resume   
calm+8: soothe   
capture+1:attract  
capture+2: catch   
capture+5: defeat   
capture+6: levy   
capture+7: obtain   
capture+8: occupy   
cast+1: appoint  
cast+2: community   
cast+3: drop   
cast+4: fill  
cast+5: illuminate   
cast+6: material   
cast+7: produce   
cast+8: throw   
channel+1: facilities  
channel+2: metal   
channel+3: method   
channel+5: route   
channel+8: TakeAway   
check+1:attack  
check+3: bill   
check+4: cease  
check+5: check   
check+7: entrust   
check+8: obstruct   
circle+1: circle  
circle+2: circulate   
circle+3: coil   
circle+4: community  
circle+5: image   
circle+6: InstitutePlace   
circle+7: part   
circle+8: shape   
circulation+1: affairs  
circulation+2: Amount   
circulation+4: circulate  
circulation+6: disseminate   
circulation+7: flow   
circulation+8: publish   
class+1:community  
class+2: community   
class+3: fact   
class+4: group  
class+5: Kind   
class+6: knowledge   
class+7: part   
class+8: Rank   
clean+1: able  
clean+2: clean   
clean+3: GoodSocial   
clean+4: infect  
clean+5: PropertyValue   
clean+6: spotless   
clean+7: wash   
clean+8: wipe   
close+1: careful  
close+2: cease   
close+4: dense  
close+5: due   
close+6: finish   
close+7: from   
close+8: intimate   
collect+1: assemble  
collect+2: collect   
collect+3: ComeTogether   
collect+4: control  
collect+5: gather   
collect+7: levy   
collection+1: account  
collection+2: artifact   
collection+4: collect  
collection+5: gather   
collection+7: levy   
composition+1: compile  
composition+2: component   
composition+3: contain   
composition+4: forming  
composition+6: music   
composition+7: part   
composition+8: produce   
compound+1: chemical  
compound+2: complicated   
compound+4: method  
compound+5: mix   
compound+6: mixed   
compound+7: part   
compound+8: place   
contract+1: associate  
contract+2: bear   
contract+3: document   
contract+5: MakeAppointment   
contract+6: shrink   
contract+7: suffer   
contract+8: SufferFrom   
copy+1: artifact  
copy+2: copy   
copy+3: imitate   
copy+4: NounUnit  
copy+6: produce   
copy+7: readings   
copy+8: record   
counter+1: attack  
counter+2: backward   
counter+3: coupon   
counter+4: facing  
counter+5: furniture   
counter+7: location   
counter+8: reply   
course+1: direction  
course+2: facilities   
course+3: fact   
course+4: food  
course+5: knowledge   
course+6: part   
course+7: process   
course+8: route   
court+1: attract  
court+2: beg   
court+3: BeInLove   
court+6: facilities   
court+8: incur   
cover+1: apply  
cover+2: contain   
cover+3: cover   
cover+4: disseminate  
cover+5: HideTruth   
cover+6: Packing   
cover+7: part   
crack+1: addict  
crack+2: FormChange   
crack+5: location   
crack+6: refined   
crack+7: sound   
crash+1: bump  
crash+5: end   
crash+6: mishap   
crash+8: OutOfOrder   
credit+1: Ability  
credit+2: affairs   
credit+3: believe   
credit+4: emotion  
credit+5: fund   
credit+6: Glory   
credit+7: human   
credit+8: lend   
cross+1: angry  
cross+2: BeAcross   
cross+3: BeBeyond   
cross+4: cross  
cross+5: part   
cross+6: shape   
cross+7: symbol   
cross+8: tool   
cut+1: beat  
cut+2: break   
cut+3: carve   
cut+4: cut  
cut+5: dig   
cut+6: location   
cut+7: record   
cut+8: split   
deep+1: BehaviorValue  
deep+2: deep   
deep+3: extreme   
deep+4: far  
deep+5: GreaterThanNormal   
deep+6: intimate   
deep+7: LowVoice   
deep+8: NotLight   
deposit+1: Amount  
deposit+2: expenditure   
deposit+4: inanimate  
deposit+5: location   
deposit+6: money   
deposit+7: SetAside   
discharge+1: Amount  
discharge+2: discharge   
discharge+3: drain   
discharge+4: excrete  
discharge+5: release   
discharge+6: remove   
discharge+7: shoot   
draft+1: bill  
draft+2: compile   
draft+4: Depth  
draft+5: draw   
draft+6: forming   
draft+7: image   
draft+8: include   
draw+1: attract  
draw+2: collect   
draw+3: draw   
draw+5: drive   
draw+6: equal   
draw+7: fasten   
draw+8: gamble   
drive+1: Ambitiousness  
drive+2: Distance   
drive+3: drive   
drive+4: emotion  
drive+5: guide   
drive+6: Life   
drive+7: part   
dull+1: blunt  
dull+2: boring   
dull+3: dark   
dull+4: foolish  
dull+5: LowVoice   
dull+6: NotQuick   
dull+7: stiff   
dull+8: stupefied   
duplicate+1: alike  
duplicate+2: BeSimilar   
duplicate+3: copy   
duplicate+4: imitate  
duplicate+5: print   
duplicate+6: produce   
duplicate+7: readings   
duplicate+8: repeat   
end+1: Boundary  
end+2: cease   
end+3: due   
end+4: end  
end+5: expression   
end+6: finish   
end+7: location   
evil+1: Disadvantage  
evil+2: fact   
evil+4: humanized  
evil+5: inferior   
evil+6: SocialMode   
evil+7: vicious   
evil+8: wicked   
extend+1: AlterForm  
extend+2: AlterMeasurement   
extend+3: CausePartMove   
extend+4: delay  
extend+5: disperse   
extend+6: enlarge   
extend+7: express   
extend+8: issue   
extension+1: AlterForm  
extension+2: AlterMeasurement   
extension+3: CausePartMove   
extension+4: delay  
extension+5: disperse   
extension+6: enlarge   
extension+7: information   
extension+8: issue   
extract+1: artifact  
extract+2: compile   
extract+3: gather   
extract+5: part   
extract+7: PickOut   
extract+8: SqueezeOut   
exuberant+1: bustling  
exuberant+2: excited   
exuberant+3: exuberant   
exuberant+4: flourishing  
exuberant+5: many   
exuberant+6: strong   
exuberant+7: sturdy   
exuberant+8: sufficient   
feed+1: eat  
feed+4: feed  
feed+6: fill   
feed+7: foster   
field+1: dispatch  
field+2: facilities   
field+3: land   
field+5: part   
field+6: place   
field+8: space   
figure+1: Amount  
figure+2: calculate   
figure+3: Form   
figure+5: image   
figure+6: mark   
figure+7: part   
figure+8: symbol   
film+1 :produce  
film+2: shape   
film+3: shows   
film+5: TakePicture   
film+7: tool   
fine+1: able  
fine+2: beautiful   
fine+3: dense   
fine+4: expenditure  
fine+5: fine   
fine+6: HighQuality   
fine+7: punish   
fine+8: refined   
flash+1: appear  
flash+3: fact   
flash+4: illuminate  
flash+5: news   
flash+6: SelfMove   
flash+7: ShowOff   
flash+8: time   
flush+1: Appearance  
flush+2: AppearanceChange   
flush+3: damage   
flush+4: excited  
flush+5: red   
flush+6: time   
flush+7: wash   
flush+8: water   
fork+1: FormChange  
fork+2: part   
fork+5: pick   
fork+6: route   
fork+7: shape   
fork+8: tool   
form+1: Appearance  
form+2: contain   
form+3: document   
form+4: establish  
form+5: Form   
form+6: forming   
form+7: part   
form+8: Pattern   
foundation+1: community  
foundation+2: establish   
foundation+3: part   
frame+1: damage  
frame+2: image   
frame+3: NounUnit   
frame+4: part  
fuse+1:break  
fuse+2: burn   
fuse+3: merge   
fuse+4: part  
fuse+7: StateChange   
fuse+8: tool   
generally+1:extensive  
generally+2: FuncWord   
generally+3: general   
generally+4: insubstantial  
generally+5: often   
generally+6: public   
generally+7: regular   
generally+8: roughly   
get+1:arrive  
get+2: become   
get+3: CauseToDo   
get+4: collect  
get+5: fulfil   
get+6: obtain   
get+7: own   
get+8: SufferFrom   
great+1:BestQuality  
great+2: big   
great+3: fantastic   
great+4: grand  
great+5: great   
great+6: GreaterThanNormal   
great+7: important   
great+8: strong   
grow+1:become  
grow+2: BecomeMore   
grow+3: cultivate   
grow+4: foster  
grow+5: grow   
grow+6: happen   
grow+7: keep   
grow+8: planting   
guard+1:defend  
guard+2: defend   
guard+3: human   
guard+4: human  
guard+5: human   
guard+6: human   
guard+7: human   
guard+8: PayAttention   
handle+1:handle  
handle+2: information   
handle+3: part   
handle+4: part  
handle+5: part   
handle+6: part   
handle+7: reason   
handle+8: start   
heart+1:location  
heart+2: mental   
heart+3: part   
heart+4: part  
heart+5: part   
heart+6: part   
heart+7: purpose   
heart+8: thought   
heavy+1:BehaviorValue  
heavy+2: big   
heavy+3: effortful   
heavy+4: GreaterThanNormal  
heavy+5: heavy   
heavy+6: LowVoice   
heavy+7: serious   
heavy+8: strong   
hit+1:arrive  
hit+2: beat   
hit+3: disseminate   
hit+4: firing  
hit+5: fit   
hit+6: fulfil   
hit+7: succeed   
hit+8: touch   
hold+1:be  
hold+2: BeMember   
hold+3: cherish   
hold+4: contain  
hold+5: defend   
hold+6: hold   
hold+7: load   
hold+8: manage   
honest+1:decent  
honest+2: earnest   
honest+3: fair   
honest+4: faithful  
honest+5: frank   
honest+6: honest   
honest+7: righteous   
honest+8: unacquisitive   
honestly+1:cautious  
honestly+2: earnest   
honestly+3: fair   
honestly+4: faithful  
honestly+5: frank   
honestly+6: honest   
honestly+7: righteous   
honestly+8: unacquisitive   
key+1:adjust  
key+2: important   
key+3: Kind   
key+4: method  
key+5: part   
key+6: part   
key+7: part   
key+8: result   
lead+1:Amount  
lead+2: guide   
lead+3: human   
lead+4: information  
lead+5: material   
lead+6: material   
lead+7: metal   
lead+8: order   
lift+1:copy  
lift+2: cut   
lift+3: facilities   
lift+4: lift  
lift+5: machine   
lift+6: pick   
lift+7: remove   
lift+8: StripOff   
light+1:bright  
light+2: flighty   
light+3: GoodTaste   
light+4: gracious  
light+5: insufficiently   
light+6: light   
light+7: lighting   
light+8: lights   
line+1:expression  
line+2: facilities   
line+3: inlay   
line+4: NounUnit  
line+5: place   
line+6: plans   
line+7: put   
line+8: reason   
look+1:Appearance  
look+2: Appearance   
look+3: be   
look+4: become  
look+5: Color   
look+6: Countenance   
look+7: experience   
look+8: facing   
loose+1:BadSocial  
loose+2: big   
loose+3: flexible   
loose+4: improper  
loose+5: lascivious   
loose+6: loose   
loose+7: loosen   
loose+8: unattached   
love+1:BeInLove  
love+2: emotion   
love+3: emotion   
love+4: emotion  
love+5: emotion   
love+6: FondOf   
love+7: like   
love+8: love   
lower+1:BecomeLess  
lower+2: elementary   
lower+3: LessThanNormal   
lower+4: LowRank  
lower+5: MakeLower   
lower+6: MakeLower   
lower+7: MoveItDown   
lower+8: subtract   
make+1:arrive  
make+2: build   
make+3: CauseToDo   
make+4: CauseToDo  
make+5: conduct   
make+6: cook   
make+7: create   
make+8: do   
master+1:BeAble  
master+2: control   
master+3: human   
master+4: human  
master+5: human   
master+6: human   
master+7: human   
master+8: human   
mean+1:Amount  
mean+2: average   
mean+3: despicable   
mean+4: Interest  
mean+5: lascivious   
mean+6: mean   
mean+7: miser   
mean+8: vulgar   
model+1:example  
model+2: example   
model+3: human   
model+4: human  
model+5: imitate   
model+6: Kind   
model+7: produce   
model+8: produce   
mount+1:BecomeMore  
mount+2: decorate   
mount+3: GoUp   
mount+4: GoUp  
mount+5: inlay   
mount+6: install   
mount+7: land   
mount+8: livestock   
movement+1:AlterLocation  
movement+2: fact   
movement+3: fact   
movement+4: function  
movement+5: part   
movement+6: part   
movement+7: SelfMove   
movement+8: start   
net+1:catch  
net+2: catch   
net+3: net   
net+4: Rate  
net+5: shape   
net+6: SportTool   
net+7: tool   
net+8: tool   
note+1:letter  
note+2: letter   
note+3: mention   
note+4: part  
note+5: part   
note+6: perception   
note+7: readings   
note+8: SoundQuality   
number+1:Amount  
number+2: AmountTo   
number+3: count   
number+4: few  
number+5: NounUnit   
number+6: Pattern   
number+7: PutInOrder   
number+8: symbol   
odd+1:abnormal  
odd+2: incomplete   
odd+3: many   
odd+4: many  
odd+5: many   
odd+6: over   
odd+7: QuantityValue   
odd+8: queer   
open+1:begin  
open+2: begin   
open+3: broad   
open+4: broadminded  
open+5: CausePartMove   
open+6: CircumstancesValue   
open+7: CircumstancesValue   
open+8: dig   
original+1:artifact  
original+2: creative   
original+3: document   
original+4: extraordinary  
original+5: inanimate   
original+6: original   
original+7: past   
original+8: readings   
outside+1:err  
outside+2: external   
outside+3: foreign   
outside+4: irrelevant  
outside+5: location   
outside+6: location   
outside+7: location   
outside+8: part   
pack+1:ComeTogether  
pack+2: human   
pack+3: inanimate   
pack+4: load  
pack+5: NounUnit   
pack+6: part   
pack+7: tool   
pack+8: wrap   
pass+1:accept  
pass+2: cross   
pass+3: decide   
pass+4: document  
pass+5: document   
pass+6: GoThrough   
pass+7: GoThrough   
pass+8: part   
peak+1:Boundary  
peak+2: Circumstances   
peak+3: fulfil   
peak+4: location  
peak+5: part   
peak+6: part   
peak+7: part   
peak+8: part   
pit+1:facilities  
pit+2: facilities   
pit+3: GoDown   
pit+4: InstitutePlace  
pit+5: land   
pit+6: part   
pit+7: part   
pit+8: part   
place+1:arrange  
place+2: InstitutePlace   
place+3: location   
place+4: place  
place+5: provide   
place+6: put   
place+7: PutInOrder   
place+8: Sequence   
plain+1:concise  
plain+2: informal   
plain+3: land   
plain+4: lucid  
plain+5: plain   
plain+6: pure   
plain+7: simple   
plain+8: thrifty   
plate+1:apply  
plate+2: fittings   
plate+3: image   
plate+4: mark  
plate+5: material   
plate+6: part   
plate+7: shape   
plate+8: tool   
play+1:display  
play+2: disseminate   
play+3: do   
play+4: drill  
play+5: kick   
play+6: perform   
play+7: recreation   
play+8: recreation   
point+1:guide  
point+2: image   
point+3: location   
point+4: NounUnit  
point+5: part   
point+6: part   
point+7: place   
point+8: symbol   
poor+1:barren  
poor+2: crude   
poor+3: few   
poor+4: human  
poor+5: inferior   
poor+6: miserable   
poor+7: negligible   
poor+8: poor   
position+1:affairs  
position+2: arrange   
position+3: Circumstances   
position+4: location  
position+5: Occupation   
position+6: place   
position+7: put   
position+8: standpoint   
post+1:affairs  
post+2: announce   
post+3: dispatch   
post+4: document  
post+5: facilities   
post+6: Occupation   
post+7: part   
post+8: part   
power+1:electricity  
power+2: expression   
power+3: PhysicsPower   
power+4: place  
power+5: Power   
power+6: Strength   
power+7: Strength   
power+8: Strength   
present+1:appear  
present+2: donate   
present+3: GiveAsGift   
present+4: physical  
present+5: present   
present+6: propose   
present+7: put   
present+8: recommend   
press+1:community  
press+2: InstitutePlace   
press+3: InstitutePlace   
press+4: press  
press+5: publications   
press+6: SqueezeOut   
press+7: Strength   
press+8: tool   
project+1:CausePartMove  
project+2: display   
project+3: fact   
project+4: FormChange  
project+5: illuminate   
project+6: plan   
project+7: send   
project+8: shoot   
punch+1:alcohol  
punch+2: beat   
punch+3: fact   
punch+4: machine  
punch+5: press   
punch+6: split   
punch+7: stab   
punch+8: tool   
raise+1:add  
raise+2: add   
raise+3: add   
raise+4: BecomeMore  
raise+5: CausePartMove   
raise+6: foster   
raise+7: foster   
raise+8: gather   
range+1:change  
range+2: Distance   
range+3: Distance   
range+4: facilities  
range+5: put   
range+6: Range   
range+7: Range   
range+8: roam   
rank+1:arrange  
rank+2: community   
rank+3: PutInOrder   
rank+4: Rank  
rank+5: Rank   
rank+6: Rank   
rank+7: Rank   
rank+8: shape   
regular+1:constant  
regular+2: formal   
regular+3: GeoRegular   
regular+4: neat  
regular+5: normal   
regular+6: ordinary   
regular+7: regular   
regular+8: regular   
release+1:announce  
release+2: drain   
release+3: express   
release+4: loosen  
release+5: publish   
release+6: release   
release+7: release   
release+8: text   
relieve+1:AtEase  
relieve+2: discharge   
relieve+3: disconnect   
relieve+4: exempt  
relieve+5: help   
relieve+6: remove   
relieve+7: rescue   
relieve+8: weaken   
resolution+1:analyze  
resolution+2: aspiration   
resolution+3: decide   
resolution+4: handle  
resolution+5: Performance   
resolution+6: result   
resolution+7: text   
resolution+8: Will   
reverse+1:alter  
reverse+2: backward   
reverse+3: deny   
reverse+4: fact  
reverse+5: hind   
reverse+6: mishap   
reverse+7: MoveItBack   
reverse+8: reverse   
right+1:correct  
right+2: expression   
right+3: FuncWord   
right+4: location  
right+5: location   
right+6: proper   
right+7: right   
right+8: rights   
rise+1:appear  
rise+2: arise   
rise+3: BecomeMore   
rise+4: BecomeMore  
rise+5: begin   
rise+6: GoUp   
rise+7: GoUp   
rise+8: GoUp   
roll+1:account  
roll+2: bend   
roll+3: grind   
roll+4: press  
roll+5: press   
roll+6: roll   
roll+7: rotate   
roll+8: shape   
root+1:establish  
root+2: expression   
root+3: part   
root+4: part  
root+5: part   
root+6: part   
root+7: push   
root+8: put   
Rouble+1:money  
Rouble+2: money   
Rouble+3: money   
Rouble+4: money  
Rouble+5: money   
Rouble+6: money   
Rouble+7: money   
Rouble+8: money   
round+1:ActUnit  
round+2: coil   
round+3: complete   
round+4: cross  
round+5: DoSum   
round+6: ExpressAgainst   
round+7: location   
round+8: round   
run+1:engage  
run+2: fact   
run+3: fact   
run+4: function  
run+5: function   
run+6: manage   
run+7: manage   
run+8: run   
scale+1:GoUp  
scale+2: part   
scale+3: part   
scale+4: Range  
scale+5: Rank   
scale+6: remove   
scale+7: shape   
scale+8: tool   
screen+1:check  
screen+2: choose   
screen+3: cover   
screen+4: filter  
screen+5: part   
screen+6: part   
screen+7: perform   
screen+8: tool   
section+1:component  
section+2: image   
section+3: NounUnit   
section+4: part  
section+5: part   
section+6: part   
section+7: part   
section+8: part   
sense+1:cherish  
sense+2: experience   
sense+3: information   
sense+4: know  
sense+5: perception   
sense+6: reason   
sense+7: sense   
sense+8: thinking   
set+1:adjust  
set+2: clothing   
set+3: constant   
set+4: delimit  
set+5: GoDown   
set+6: inlay   
set+7: install   
set+8: MakeAppointment   
settle+1:arrange  
settle+2: calculate   
settle+3: cease   
settle+4: establish  
settle+5: finish   
settle+6: fulfil   
settle+7: fulfil   
settle+8: handle   
shade+1:Abstruseness  
shade+2: Color   
shade+3: cover   
shade+4: cover  
shade+5: cover   
shade+6: HideTruth   
shade+7: Hue   
shade+8: place   
shed+1:facilities  
shed+2: GoDown   
shed+3: house   
shed+4: lose  
shed+5: lose   
shed+6: remove   
shed+7: spray   
shed+8: spread   
shell+1:firing  
shell+2: part   
shell+3: part   
shell+4: part  
shell+5: SportTool   
shell+6: StripOff   
shell+7: StripOff   
shell+8: StripOff   
smash+1:AlterForm  
smash+2: beat   
smash+3: break   
smash+4: bump  
smash+5: damage   
smash+6: defeat   
smash+7: destroy   
smash+8: destroy   
snap+1:break  
snap+2: fact   
snap+3: fittings   
snap+4: FormChange  
snap+5: hold   
snap+6: MakeSound   
snap+7: sound   
snap+8: speak   
solid+1:durable  
solid+2: hard   
solid+3: intimate   
solid+4: many  
solid+5: physical   
solid+6: steady   
solid+7: substantial   
solid+8: sufficient   
sound+1:be  
sound+2: BehaviorValue   
sound+3: fantastic   
sound+4: healthy  
sound+5: MakeSound   
sound+6: measure   
sound+7: qualified   
sound+8: sound   
space+1:Area  
space+2: celestial   
space+3: Content   
space+4: location  
space+5: location   
space+6: sky   
space+7: space   
space+8: symbol   
spread+1:apply  
spread+2: disperse   
spread+3: disseminate   
spread+4: enlarge  
spread+5: infect   
spread+6: separate   
spread+7: spread   
spread+8: unfold   
square+1:accurate  
square+2: DoSum   
square+3: draw   
square+4: frank  
square+5: fulfil   
square+6: image   
square+7: InstitutePlace   
square+8: planar   
start+1:begin  
start+2: establish   
start+3: FuncWord   
start+4: part  
start+5: start   
start+7: time   
start+8: TurnOn   
stop+1: block  
stop+2: cease   
stop+4: CeaseCauseTOMove  
stop+5: end   
stop+6: facilities   
stop+7: obstruct   
stop+8: stay   
stretch+1: add  
stretch+2: AlterMeasurement   
stretch+3: CausePartMove   
stretch+4: disperse  
stretch+5: FormChange   
stretch+6: open   
stretch+7: pull   
stretch+8: time   
style+1: Behavior  
style+3: Demeanor   
style+4: part  
style+5: Pattern   
style+8: Style   
subscription+1: Amount  
subscription+2: buy   
subscription+4: donate  
subscription+6: expenditure   
subscription+7: InfoCarrier   
subscription+8: money   
surface+1: appear  
surface+2: Appearance   
surface+3: part   
surplus+1: Amount  
surplus+2: many   
surplus+3: over   
surplus+4: redundant  
surplus+5: surplus   
surplus+6: thing   
surplus+7: wealth   
temper+1: adjust  
temper+2: Behavior   
temper+3: cultivate   
temper+4: emotion  
temper+6: Hardness   
temper+7: MakeBetter   
temper+8: WarmUp   
tender+1: able  
tender+2: child   
tender+3: frail   
tender+4: gentle  
tender+5: Price   
tender+6: ship   
tender+7: tender   
tender+8: weapon   
thick+1: amiable  
thick+2: concentrated   
thick+3: dense   
thick+4: exuberant  
thick+5: NotLight   
thick+6: TasteStrong   
thick+7: thick   
thick+8: widediameter   
thin+1: bony  
thin+2: dilute   
thin+3: fine   
thin+4: insubstantial  
thin+5: ize   
thin+6: LowVoice   
thin+7: sparse   
thin+8: TasteLight   
tie+1: ally  
tie+2: equal   
tie+3: fasten   
tie+4: fittings  
tie+5: material   
tie+6: Pertinence   
tie+7: result   
tie+8: shape   
tip+1: dump  
tip+2: FallDown   
tip+3: information   
tip+4: part  
tip+7: payment   
tip+8: reverse   
title+1: Name  
title+2: Name   
title+3: naming   
title+4: Occupation  
title+5: Occupation   
title+6: part   
title+7: Rank   
title+8: rights   
tone+1: Color  
tone+2: Hue   
tone+3: ize   
tone+4: Occasion  
tone+5: sound   
tone+6: SoundVolume   
tone+7: Style   
top+1: first  
top+2: HighRank   
top+3: part   
top+7: surpass   
top+8: tool   
tower+1: appear  
tower+2: building   
tower+3: facilities   
tower+6: GoUp   
tower+7: house   
tower+8: upmove   
trace+1: draw  
trace+2: few   
trace+3: follow   
trace+4: information  
trace+5: investigate   
trace+6: mark   
trace+7: NounUnit   
trace+8: trace   
track+1: follow  
track+2: image   
track+3: part   
track+6: route   
track+8: trace   
transfer+1: alter  
transfer+2: dispatch   
transfer+4: give  
transfer+5: issue   
transfer+6: sell   
transfer+7: submit   
transfer+8: TakeAway   
trim+1: break  
trim+2: complete   
trim+3: cut   
trim+4: level  
trim+5: neat   
trim+6: PutInOrder   
trim+8: tidy   
turn+1: alter  
turn+3: become   
turn+4: CauseToDo  
turn+5: change   
turn+6: cut   
turn+7: fact   
turn+8: location   
twist+1: alter  
twist+2: bend   
twist+3: circle   
twist+4: coil  
twist+5: fact   
twist+6: FormChange   
twist+7: PlayWith   
twist+8: press   
volume+1: account  
volume+2: Amount   
volume+3: Bulk   
volume+4: NounUnit  
volume+5: part   
volume+6: Size   
volume+7: SoundVolume   
volume+8: Volume   
wave+1: CausePartMove  
wave+3: fly   
wave+4: shake  
wave+5: shape   
wave+7: water   
wave+8: wave   
weak+1: frail  
weak+3: irresolute   
weak+4: light  
weak+5: powerless   
weak+6: TasteLight   
weak+7: unhealthy   
weak+8: weak   
well+1: advantageous  
well+2: benevolent   
well+3: BeWell   
well+4: expression  
well+5: facilities   
well+6: FuncWord   
well+7: safe   
well+8: sufficient   
wing+1: community  
wing+2: house   
wing+3: human   
wing+4: location  
wing+5: part   
work+1: affairs  
work+2: do   
work+3: engage   
work+4: fact  
work+5: function   
work+6: publications   
work+7: result   
work+8: succeed   

break+1: break 
break+2: disobey 
break+3: remove 
break+4: beat 
break+5: defeat 
charge+1: accuse 
charge+2: enrich 
charge+3: fill 
charge+4: feed 
charge+5: expenditure 
drop+1: drop 
drop+2: shape 
drop+3: NounUnit 
drop+4: cease 
drop+5: lose 
move+1: AlterLocation 
move+2: CausePartMove 
move+3: transport 
move+4: TakeAway 
move+5: excite 
stand+1: stand 
stand+2: SupportWeight 
stand+3: CauseToMoveInDirection 
stand+4: facilities 
stand+5: tool 
take+1: take 
take+2: choose 
take+3: catch 
take+4: occupy 
take+5: receive 

