Aachen: place 
aah: MakeSound 
Aalen: place 
AAR: fact 
aardwolf: beast 

abaca: crop 
abacinate: MakeBad 
aback: hind 
abactinal: FormValue 
abacus: tool 
abaft: part 
abalone: fish 
abamp: Unit 
abampere: Unit 
abandon: cease 
abandoner: human 
abarticulation: wounded 
abase: BecomeLess 
abasement: subtract 
abash: ignorant 
abashed: shy 
Abashiri: place 
abashment: ignorant 
abasia: disable 
abasic: disable 
abatable: possible 
abatic: disable 
abatis: facilities 
abattoir: InstitutePlace 
abaxial: DirectioningValue 
abbatial: facilities 
abbess: human 
abbey: facilities 
abbot: human 
abbr: Name 
ABC: institution 
abc: knowledge 
ABCs: knowledge 
abdicable: possible 
abdicator: human 
abdomen: part 
abdominal: part 
abdominocentesis: fact 
abdominoplasty: fact 
abdominous: fat 
abdominousness: fat 
abdominovesical: part 
abduce: prove 
abducens: part 
abduct: TakeAway 
abduction: TakeAway 
abele: tree 
Aberdeen: place 
aberrance: Circumstances 
aberrancy: Circumstances 
aberrant: abnormal 
aberrate: BeNot 
abet: incite 
abetment: incite 
abetter: human 
abettor: human 
abeyance: delay 
abeyant: cease 
abhorrence: disgust 
abhorrent: able 
abhorrer: human 
abidance: GoOn 
abide: endure 
abiding: TimeLong 
Abidjan: place 
abient: evade 
abies: tree 
abietic: material 
abietyl: material 
Abilene: place 
abiogenetic: thinking 
abiogenist: human 
abiogeny: Performance 
abiotrophy: phenomena 
abjectly: despicable 
abjuration: deny 
abjure: deny 
abjurer: human 
Abkhazian: language 
ablactate: cease 
ablactation: cease 
ablate: StateChange 
ablaze: strong 
able: FuncWord 
ableism: thinking 
ablepharia: disease 
ablism: thinking 
abloom: magnificent 
ablution: wash 
ablutionary: wash 
ably: qualified 
ABM: weapon 
abnegate: abandon 
abnegation: abandon 
abnormal: abnormal 
abnormalcy: phenomena 
abnormally: abnormal 
abnormity: phenomena 
abocclusion: phenomena 
abode: house 
abohm: Unit 
aboideau: facilities 
aboiteau: facilities 
abolish: remove 
abolishment: remove 
abolition: remove 
abolitionary: remove 
abolitionism: thinking 
abomasal: part 
abomasum: part 
abominate: disgust 
abomination: disgust 
aborigine: human 
aborigines: human 
abort: fail 
abortifacient: medicine 
abortion: fail 
abortive: undergo 
abortively: fail 
abosis: die 
aboulia: disease 
aboulic: disease 
abound: exist 
aboveboard: honest 
aboveground: location 
ABPM: fact 
abrade: rub 
abranchial: OwnNot 
abranchiate: OwnNot 
abranchious: OwnNot 
abreact: weaken 
abridge: compile 
abrim: full 
abroad: location 
abruption: FormChange 
abruptness: sudden 
abscind: cut 
abscissa: symbol 
abscond: flee 
abscondment: flee 
abseil: GoDown 
absence: disappear 
absent: disappear 
absenteeism: cease 
absently: absentminded 
absentminded: absentminded 
absentmindedly: absentminded 
absolute: extreme 
absoluteness: extreme 
absolution: exempt 
absolutist: system 
absolutistic: system 
absolve: CauseNotToBe 
absorb: GetKnowledge 
absorbance: Rate 
absorbed: attentive 
absorbefacient: chemical 
absorber: tool 
absorptance: Rate 
absorptive: able 
absquatulate: flee 
abstainer: human 
abstemious: cautious 
abstemiously: cautious 
abstemiousness: cautious 
absterge: wash 
abstersive: able 
abstract: think 
abstractedly: absentminded 
abstractiionst: human 
abstractionist: human 
abstractive: able 
abstractly: abstract 
abstractness: Abstract 
abstractor: human 
abstruse: profound 
abstrusely: profound 
absurdity: wrong 
absurdness: wrong 
Abuja: place 
abulia: disease 
abulic: disease 
abulous: text 
abundance: Amount 
abundant: sufficient 
abus: ExpressAgainst 
abusage: use 
abuser: human 
abusive: FriendlinessValue 
abusively: unfriendly 
abut: connect 
abutal: BeNear 
abutals: Circumstances 
abutment: part 
aby: amend 
abye: amend 
abysm: waters 
abysmal: deep 
abysmally: extreme 
abyss: waters 
abyssal: waters 
AC: electricity 
academe: community 
academia: community 
academic: PropertyValue 
academically: PropertyValue 
academician: human 
academicianship: Status 
academics: human 
academy: InstitutePlace 
acanthi: tool 
acanthoid: FormValue 
acantholysis: phenomena 
acanthoma: disease 
acanthopterygian: fish 
acanthosis: disease 
acanthotic: disease 
acanthous: FormValue 
acanthus: tool 
acapnia: phenomena 
acapnial: phenomena 
acapnic: phenomena 
acapnotic: phenomena 
acariasis: disease 
acaridiasis: disease 
acariosis: disease 
acarophobia: disease 
acarpellous: FormValue 
acarpelous: FormValue 
acarus: InsectWorm 
acataphasia: disease 
accede: agree 
accelerando: fast 
acceleration: urge 
accelerative: SpeedUp 
acceleratory: SpeedUp 
accent: sound 
accentual: sound 
accentuate: emphasize 
accept: RegardAs 
acceptability: Ability 
acceptable: able 
acceptableness: Ability 
acceptably: mediocre 
acceptance: receive 
acceptant: accept 
acceptation: information 
accepted: able 
accepter: human 
acception: receive 
access: method 
accessibility: sociable 
accessible: easy 
accession: approach 
accessory: secondary 
acciaccatura: sound 
accidie: tired 
accipiter: bird 
accipitral: bird 
acclaimation: praise 
acclaimed: able 
acclamatory: cry 
acclimate: fit 
acclimation: fit 
acclimatisation: fit 
acclimatise: fit 
acclimatization: fit 
acclimatize: fit 
acclivitous: slanted 
acclivous: slanted 
accommodating: proper 
accommodatingly: proper 
accommodation: TakeCare 
accommodator: human 
accompanist: human 
accompany: recreation 
accompanying: act 
accomplice: human 
accomplishable: possible 
accomplishments: accomplishment 
accord: give 
accordance: accordant 
accordancy: accordant 
accordantly: accordant 
accordatura: SoundQuality 
according: accordant 
accordion: MusicTool 
accordionst: human 
accost: SayHello 
accostable: easy 
accouche: doctor 
accoucheur: human 
accoucheuse: human 
account: readings 
accountable: bear 
accountant: human 
accountantship: Status 
accounting: affairs 
accouter: provide 
accouterment: provide 
accoutre: provide 
Accra: place 
accredit: appoint 
accreditation: prove 
accredited: lawful 
accrete: mix 
accretion: BecomeMore 
accretionary: BecomeMore 
accretive: BecomeMore 
accroides: material 
accrual: BecomeMore 
accrue: BecomeMore 
accruement: BecomeMore 
acculturate: ize 
acculturation: ize 
acculturational: ize 
acculturative: ize 
accumulate: gather 
accumulation: physical 
accumulator: tool 
accuracy: Accuracy 
accurate: accurate 
accurately: accurate 
accurse: ExpressAgainst 
accursed: able 
accusant: human 
accusation: Name 
accusative: Performance 
accusatory: ExpressAgainst 
accused: human 
accusingly: unfriendly 
accustom: fit 
ace: human 
acedia: lazy 
acenaphthene: chemical 
acephalia: disease 
acephalism: disease 
acephaly: disease 
acerbate: damage 
acerbic: unfriendly 
acerbity: unfriendly 
acerola: fruit 
acetabulum: part 
acetaldehyde: chemical 
acetic: emotion 
acetify: ize 
acetone: chemical 
acetonemia: disease 
acetonuria: disease 
acetyl: chemical 
acetylate: add 
acetylene: chemical 
acetylenic: chemical 
acetylic: chemical 
acetylise: ize 
acetylize: ize 
acetylspiramycin: medicine 
achene: part 
Acheng: place 
Acheron: place 
achievability: Ability 
achievable: possible 
achieve: fulfil 
achievements: accomplishment 
Achilles: humanized 
aching: painful 
achlorhydria: disease 
achlorhydric: phenomena 
achondroplasia: disease 
achondroplasty: disease 
achromasia: grey 
achromate: human 
achromatic: colorless 
achromaticity: colorless 
achromatise: AlterColor 
achromatism: colorless 
achromatize: AlterColor 
achromatopsia: disease 
achromatous: colorless 
achromia: phenomena 
achromic: colorless 
achylia: disease 
aciculum: shape 
acid: unfriendly 
acidemia: disease 
acidic: Performance 
acidification: ize 
acidify: ize 
acidimetry: fact 
acidity: Performance 
acidophil: bacteria 
acidophile: bacteria 
acidosis: disease 
acidotic: disease 
acidproof: able 
acidulate: ize 
acinus: part 
acknowledge: thank 
acknowledgeable: able 
acknowledgment: thank 
acme: part 
acne: phenomena 
acolyte: human 
aconite: medicine 
acorea: phenomena 
acorn: part 
acousma: disease 
acoustic: knowledge 
acoustical: knowledge 
acoustically: SoundVolumeValue 
acoustician: human 
acousticon: tool 
acousticophobia: disease 
acoustics: sound 
acousticses: Effectivity 
acquaint: CauseToDo 
acquaintanceship: Pertinence 
acquiesce: agree 
acquiescence: agree 
acquire: suffer 
acquired: acquired 
acquirement: obtain 
acquirer: human 
acquisitive: acquisitive 
acquisitively: acquisitive 
acquisitiveness: acquisitive 
acquit: CauseNotToBe 
acquittal: CauseNotToBe 
acre: Unit 
acrid: unfriendly 
acrimony: unfriendly 
acroanaesthesia: disease 
acroanesthesia: disease 
acrobat: human 
acrobatic: shows 
acrobic: need 
acrodont: animal 
acrogen: plant 
acromegalia: disease 
acromegaly: disease 
acromicria: disease 
acromikria: disease 
acromion: part 
acromphalus: phenomena 
acromyotonia: phenomena 
acrophobia: disease 
acroscopic: DirectioningValue 
acrostic: problem 
acrylic: chemical 
ACS: disease 
act: document 
ACT: part 
act: RegardAs 
acta: publications 
actable: able 
ACTH: physical 
actin: part 
actinia: AnimalHuman 
actinic: knowledge 
actinium: metal 
actinolite: stone 
actinometer: tool 
actinometric: fact 
actinometrical: fact 
actinometry: fact 
actinomorphic: FormValue 
actinomorphous: FormValue 
actinomycosis: disease 
actinozoan: AnimalHuman 
actionable: able 
activate: CauseToLive 
activated: animate 
activation: CauseToLive 
activator: chemical 
active: serious 
actively: active 
activeness: Activeness 
activewear: clothing 
activise: excite 
activistic: thinking 
activity: Performance 
activize: excite 
actor: human 
actual: true 
actualisation: fulfil 
actualise: fulfil 
actuality: thing 
actualization: fulfil 
actualize: fulfil 
actually: true 
actuary: calculate 
actuate: urge 
actuation: dispatch 
acuate: perceptive 
acuity: perceptive 
aculeus: part 
acuminate: pointed 
acupoint: part 
acupressure: fact 
acupuncture: fact 
acutely: strong 
acyl: chemical 
ad: information 
AD: time 
ADA: chemical 
adactylia: disease 
adactylism: disease 
adactyly: disease 
adage: expression 
adagio: slow 
Adam: humanized 
adamance: resolute 
adamant: hard 
adamantly: stubborn 
adaptability: Adaptability 
adaptable: fit 
adaptation: information 
adaptational: compile 
adapter: tool 
adaptor: tool 
adaxial: DirectioningValue 
ADB: part 
ADD: disease 
addable: able 
added: many 
addend: symbol 
addendum: text 
addiction: indulge 
addictive: addictive 
Addison: human 
addition: method 
additional: over 
addle: OutOfOrder 
addlebrained: potty 
addled: foolish 
addlepated: potty 
address: text 
addressable: able 
addressee: human 
addresser: human 
adduce: propose 
adducent: internal 
adducible: possible 
adduct: pull 
adduction: quote 
adductor: part 
Adelaide: place 
Aden: place 
adenalgia: phenomena 
adenine: chemical 
adenitis: disease 
adenocarcinoma: disease 
adenocarcinomatous: disease 
adenoid: part 
adenoidal: part 
adenoidectomy: fact 
adenoma: disease 
adenomatous: disease 
adenomegaly: phenomena 
adenomyosarcoma: part 
adenomyosis: disease 
adenosine: chemical 
adenosis: disease 
adenovirus: bacteria 
adept: human 
adeptness: able 
adequacy: Amount 
adequate: sufficient 
adequately: sufficient 
adequateness: Amount 
ADH: physical 
ADHD: disease 
adherence: obey 
adherent: human 
adiaphorous: fact 
adieu: expression 
adios: expression 
adiposeness: fat 
adiposity: fat 
adjacency: BeNear 
adjacent: near 
adjectival: part 
adjectivally: RoleValue 
adjective: part 
adjectively: RoleValue 
adjoin: BeNear 
adjourn: cease 
adjournment: cease 
adjudge: announce 
adjudgment: announce 
adjudication: judge 
adjudicative: judge 
adjudicator: human 
adjudicatory: judge 
adjunct: secondary 
adjunctive: secondary 
adjuration: request 
adjure: request 
adjust: adjust 
adjustable: able 
adjustive: adjust 
adjustment: adjust 
admeasure: dispatch 
admeasurement: dispatch 
adminicular: able 
administrable: able 
administrant: human 
administrate: manage 
administration: part 
administratively: affairs 
administrivia: fact 
admirability: fantastic 
admirable: able 
admirableness: fantastic 
admirably: able 
admiralty: institution 
admiration: respect 
admire: respect 
admirer: human 
admiringly: amiable 
admirration: admire 
admissibility: Ability 
admissible: able 
admission: include 
admissive: agree 
admittable: able 
admittible: able 
admix: mix 
admonish: persuade 
admonishment: persuade 
admonitor: human 
admonitory: persuade 
ADN: institution 
adnate: undergo 
adnexitis: disease 
ado: fact 
adolesce: grow 
adolescence: time 
adolescency: time 
Adonis: FlowerGrass 
adopt: use 
adoptable: able 
adopter: human 
adoption: use 
adoptive: collateral 
adorability: able 
adorable: able 
adorableness: able 
adorably: respect 
adoration: respect 
adorer: human 
adoringly: amiable 
adorn: decorate 
adosculation: fact 
adrenal: part 
adrenalectomy: fact 
adrenalin: physical 
adrenaline: physical 
adrenergic: physical 
adrenocorticotrophic: part 
adrenocorticotrophin: physical 
adrenocorticotropic: part 
adrenocorticotropin: physical 
adrenosterone: physical 
Adriatic: waters 
adrift: roam 
adroitly: clever 
adroitness: able 
ADS: Status 
adscititious: many 
adsorb: inhale 
adsorption: inhale 
adulate: please 
adulation: please 
adulator: human 
adulatory: please 
adult: shows 
adulterant: mix 
adulterated: fake 
adulterer: human 
adulteress: human 
adulterously: immoral 
adultery: mating 
adulthood: Age 
adumbrate: mean 
adumbration: information 
advanced: StageLate 
advantage: Advantage 
advantageously: advantageous 
advantageousness: Advantage 
advect: transport 
advection: flow 
advent: appear 
adventitious: accidental 
adventitiously: accidental 
adventive: foreign 
adventure: venture 
adventurer: human 
adventuresome: venture 
adventuress: human 
adventurism: thinking 
adventurist: human 
adventuristic: thinking 
adventurousness: brave 
adverb: part 
adverbial: part 
adverbially: part 
adversarial: able 
adversely: disadvantageous 
adversity: mishap 
advert: mention 
advertently: careful 
advertise: disseminate 
advertisement: information 
advertising: knowledge 
advertize: disseminate 
advice: text 
advisability: wise 
advisable: reasonable 
advise: tell 
advisedly: careful 
advisement: persuade 
adviser: human 
advisor: human 
advocacy: thought 
advocation: disseminate 
advocator: human 
adware: software 
adynamia: frail 
adynamic: frail 
adze: tool 
aecidium: part 
aecium: part 
AED: tool 
Aegean: waters 
aegis: tool 
Aegis: weapon 
Aegisthus: humanized 
Aeneas: humanized 
aeonian: permanent 
aerate: ize 
aeration: clean 
aerator: machine 
aerial: tool 
aeriform: insubstantial 
aerify: add 
aerobatics: shows 
aerobic: need 
aerobics: fact 
aerobiotic: FondOf 
aerobium: bacteria 
aeroboat: aircraft 
aerobus: aircraft 
aerocraft: aircraft 
aerodone: aircraft 
aerodontalgia: phenomena 
aerodrome: facilities 
aerodynamic: PerformanceValue 
aerodynamics: knowledge 
aeroembolism: disease 
Aeroflot: InstitutePlace 
aerogram: letter 
aerogramme: letter 
aerolite: stone 
aerolitic: stone 
aerological: knowledge 
aerology: knowledge 
aeromancy: fact 
aeromechanic: knowledge 
aeromechanics: knowledge 
aeromedical: knowledge 
aeromedicine: knowledge 
aeronautic: fact 
aeronautical: fact 
aeronautics: knowledge 
aerophilatelic: gather 
aerophilic: need 
aerophilous: need 
aeroplane: aircraft 
aerosolise: ize 
aerosolize: ize 
aerospace: affairs 
aerosphere: part 
aery: insubstantial 
AEST: time 
aesthesia: emotion 
aesthetical: able 
aestheticism: thinking 
aesthetics: thinking 
aestivate: sleep 
aestivation: sleep 
aetiologic: knowledge 
aetiological: knowledge 
aetiology: knowledge 
Afar: language 
affability: amiable 
affable: amiable 
affableness: amiable 
affably: amiable 
affair: affairs 
affaire: Intimacy 
affairs: affairs 
affectation: pretend 
affected: affected 
affectedly: affected 
affectedness: affected 
affectingly: able 
affection: emotion 
affectional: emotion 
affectionate: benevolent 
affectionateness: emotion 
affective: emotion 
afferent: disseminate 
affiance: MakeAppointment 
afficionado: human 
affiliate: GetKnowledge 
affiliated: undergo 
affiliation: Attachment 
affinity: Intimacy 
affirmable: positive 
affirmative: positive 
affirmatively: positive 
affirmatory: positive 
affix: print 
affixail: part 
affixal: part 
affixation: part 
affliction: experience 
afflictive: miserable 
affluence: rich 
afford: provide 
affordability: buy 
affordable: able 
afforest: planting 
afforestation: planting 
affranchise: CauseToDo 
affricate: sound 
affricative: sound 
affright: frighten 
Afghan: RelatingToCountry 
Afghani: money 
Afghanistan: place 
afire: StateChange 
aflame: StateChange 
aflare: StateChange 
aflatoxin: bacteria 
afloat: float 
afoot: PerformanceValue 
aforementioned: specific 
aforesaid: specific 
aforethought: plan 
aforetime: past 
AFP: institution 
afraid: fear 
AFRASEC: community 
afresh: again 
Africa: earth 
African: human 
Afrikander: human 
Afrikaner: human 
afterbirth: part 
afterbody: part 
aftercare: fact 
afterdamp: gas 
aftereffect: result 
aftermost: part 
afternoon: time 
afterpains: phenomena 
afterpiece: shows 
afters: food 
aftershave: medicine 
aftershock: mishap 
aftersun: tool 
aftertaste: experience 
afterthought: think 
afterward: future 
afterwinds: Habit 
afterword: part 
again: again 
agama: beast 
Agamemnon: humanized 
agamic: SexValue 
agamogenesis: fact 
agamogenetic: SexValue 
agamous: SexValue 
agar: material 
agaragar: material 
agate: inanimate 
agaze: look 
age: time 
agedness: Age 
ageism: fact 
ageless: permanent 
agelessness: permanent 
agelong: permanent 
Agen: place 
agency: part 
agenda: Sequence 
agendum: Sequence 
ageratum: FlowerGrass 
agglomerate: StateChange 
agglomeration: StateChange 
agglomerative: StateChange 
agglutination: method 
aggrade: AlterForm 
aggrandise: MakeBetter 
aggrandize: MakeBetter 
aggravatingly: serious 
aggravation: ize 
aggregate: material 
aggregation: ComeTogether 
aggregative: ComeTogether 
aggress: attack 
aggression: attack 
aggressiveness: autocratic 
aggressor: human 
aggrieve: CauseToDo 
aggroup: establish 
aghast: suffer 
agile: nimble 
agilely: nimble 
agility: nimble 
aging: decline 
agio: expenditure 
agiotage: expenditure 
agitated: bustling 
agnail: part 
agnise: understand 
agnize: understand 
agnomen: Name 
agnosia: disease 
agnostic: knowledge 
agnostical: knowledge 
agnosticism: knowledge 
ago: time 
agon: fight 
agonise: CauseToDo 
agonising: miserable 
agonized: sorrowful 
agonizing: miserable 
agonizingly: miserable 
agony: upset 
agora: InstitutePlace 
agouti: beast 
agraffe: tool 
agranulocytosis: disease 
agranulosis: disease 
agraphia: disease 
agrarian: land 
agravity: lose 
agreeability: docile 
agreeableness: docile 
agreement: Uniformity 
agribusiness: affairs 
agriculture: affairs 
agrimonia: FlowerGrass 
agrimony: FlowerGrass 
agrobiology: knowledge 
agrochemical: chemical 
agronomist: human 
agronomy: knowledge 
aground: bump 
aguacate: fruit 
ague: disease 
ah: sound 
ahead: past 
Ahmadinejad: human 
ahorse: TakeVehicle 
ahorseback: TakeVehicle 
ahung: human 
Ai: surname 
AI: Wisdom 
aidman: human 
aidpost: InstitutePlace 
AIDS: disease 
aidstation: InstitutePlace 
aikido: fact 
ail: upset 
aileron: part 
ailing: ill 
ailment: disease 
aimless: rash 
aimlessly: rash 
aioli: material 
air: sky 
airbag: tool 
airbase: facilities 
airborne: PerformanceValue 
airbus: aircraft 
Airbus: Name 
aircraft: aircraft 
aircrew: human 
airdock: facilities 
airdrome: facilities 
airdrop: drop 
airfield: facilities 
airflow: gas 
airfoil: part 
airforce: part 
airframe: part 
airfreight: affairs 
airfreighter: aircraft 
airgun: weapon 
airily: rash 
airiness: NotHeavy 
airless: stuffy 
airlift: transport 
airline: InstitutePlace 
airliner: aircraft 
Airlines: InstitutePlace 
airmail: post 
airman: human 
airmanship: fact 
airmass: gas 
airplane: aircraft 
airport: facilities 
airpower: Power 
airproof: able 
airsacculitis: disease 
airscrew: part 
airship: aircraft 
airsickness: dizzy 
airspace: sky 
airspeed: Speed 
airstream: gas 
airstrike: attack 
airstrip: facilities 
airt: alter 
airtight: able 
airtightness: Tightness 
airway: route 
airways: InstitutePlace 
airwoman: human 
airy: insubstantial 
Aisingiorro: surname 
aisle: part 
Aix: place 
AK: place 
Akaba: place 
Akesu: place 
Akhun: human 
akimbo: CausePartMove 
akinesia: disease 
akinesis: disease 
Akita: place 
Akos: land 
Akureyri: place 
ala: part 
Alabama: place 
Alabaman: human 
Alabamian: human 
alarm: tool 
alarming: able 
alarmingly: extreme 
alas: sound 
Alashan: place 
Alashanmeng: place 
Alashanyouqi: place 
Alashanzuoqi: place 
Alaska: place 
Alaskan: human 
Albania: place 
Albany: place 
albatross: bird 
albeit: FuncWord 
Alberta: place 
Albertan: human 
Albi: place 
albinism: disease 
albino: human 
albomycin: medicine 
albumen: part 
albumin: part 
albuminuria: phenomena 
Albuquerque: place 
alchemic: knowledge 
alchemical: knowledge 
alchemise: alter 
alchemist: human 
alchemistic: human 
alchemistical: human 
alchemize: alter 
alcohol: chemical 
alcoholise: ize 
alcoholism: disease 
alcoholization: ize 
alcoholize: ize 
alcoholysis: ize 
alcove: place 
aldehyde: chemical 
aldehydic: chemical 
alder: tree 
alderman: human 
aldermanic: human 
aldermanly: human 
alee: DirectioningValue 
alembic: tool 
Alencon: place 
Alep: place 
Aleppo: place 
alertly: clever 
alertor: tool 
Aletai: place 
aleurone: part 
Aleutians: land 
alewife: human 
alexandrite: stone 
alfalfa: FlowerGrass 
alfresco: location 
algae: AlgaeFungi 
algarroba: tree 
algebra: knowledge 
algebraic: knowledge 
algebraical: knowledge 
algebraically: RoleValue 
Algeria: place 
algid: undergo 
Algiers: place 
algolagnia: fact 
algolagnic: fact 
algometric: fact 
algometrical: fact 
algometry: fact 
algophilia: fact 
algorithm: method 
algorithmic: method 
alias: Name 
Alibaba: InstitutePlace 
alidade: tool 
alien: queer 
alienated: distant 
alignment: Sequence 
alike: alike 
alikeness: Similarity 
aliment: physical 
alimental: able 
alimentary: able 
alimentation: physical 
alimentative: physical 
alimony: expenditure 
alinement: MakeEqual 
aliphatic: part 
aliquot: able 
aliveness: animate 
alkalescent: Performance 
alkali: chemical 
alkalic: Performance 
alkalify: ize 
alkalimetry: fact 
alkaline: Performance 
alkalinise: ize 
alkalinity: Performance 
alkalinize: ize 
alkalise: ize 
alkalization: ize 
alkalize: ize 
alkaloid: chemical 
alkaloidal: chemical 
alkalosis: disease 
alkalotic: disease 
alkane: chemical 
alkene: chemical 
alkyl: chemical 
alkyne: chemical 
Allah: humanized 
allantoic: part 
allantois: part 
allay: weaken 
allege: speak 
allegedly: FuncWord 
allegement: text 
allegiance: faithful 
allegorically: RoleValue 
allegorise: explain 
allegorize: explain 
allegretto: fast 
allegro: fast 
allele: part 
allelic: part 
allelomorph: part 
allelomorphic: part 
allergic: disease 
allergology: knowledge 
allergy: disease 
alleviate: weaken 
alleviation: weaken 
alleviative: weaken 
alleviator: medicine 
alleviatory: weaken 
alleyway: route 
alliance: intimate 
allicin: chemical 
allies: place 
alligator: beast 
alliterate: compile 
alliteratively: RoleValue 
Allium: vegetable 
allobarbital: medicine 
allocate: issue 
allochronic: asynchronous 
allochthonous: alien 
allogamous: mating 
allogeneic: part 
allopathy: fact 
allopatry: place 
Allophone: human 
allopurinol: medicine 
allotment: issue 
allotrope: part 
allotropic: part 
allotropism: phenomena 
allotropy: phenomena 
allover: wholly 
allowance: payment 
allude: express 
allure: entice 
alluring: attractive 
allusion: text 
alluviate: put 
alluviation: put 
alluvium: part 
ally: place 
almanac: publications 
Almaty: place 
Almighty: humanized 
almost: almost 
alms: physical 
almsgiving: donate 
alnico: metal 
ALO: human 
alodium: wealth 
aloe: FlowerGrass 
aloft: location 
aloha: expression 
alone: only 
aloneness: lonely 
along: FuncWord 
alongside: near 
aloofness: unsociable 
aloud: loud 
alpaca: livestock 
alpha: part 
alphabet: symbol 
alphabetic: InSequence 
alphabetical: InSequence 
alphabetically: InSequence 
alphabetisation: put 
alphabetise: put 
alphabetization: put 
alphabetize: put 
alpine: land 
alpinist: human 
Alps: land 
already: already 
alright: expression 
ALS: disease 
Alsace: place 
Alsatia: place 
ALT: part 
Altair: celestial 
altar: furniture 
alter: alter 
alterability: Easiness 
alterable: able 
alteration: alter 
altercate: debate 
altercation: quarrel 
alternate: replace 
alternately: InSequence 
alternater: tool 
alternating: PropertyValue 
alternatively: able 
although: FuncWord 
altimeter: tool 
altitude: Height 
Alto: LandVehicle 
altocumulus: CloudMist 
altogether: wholly 
altostratus: CloudMist 
altruism: unselfish 
altruistically: unselfish 
alula: part 
alum: chemical 
alumina: metal 
aluminiferous: PropertyValue 
aluminise: ize 
aluminium: metal 
aluminize: ize 
aluminous: metal 
aluminum: metal 
alumna: human 
alumnus: human 
alundum: stone 
alveolate: FormValue 
alveolitis: disease 
alveolus: part 
alvine: part 
always: always 
Alzheimer: disease 
Alzheimers: disease 
Am: metal 
amah: human 
amain: fast 
amalgam: metal 
amalgamation: merge 
amalgamative: merge 
amanuensis: human 
amapola: FlowerGrass 
amaranthine: vegetable 
Amarilla: place 
amateurish: temporary 
amateurishly: temporary 
amative: passionate 
amativeness: aspiration 
amatory: passionate 
amaurosis: disable 
amaurotic: disable 
amaze: fear 
amazed: surprise 
amazingly: extreme 
Amazon: waters 
ambage: NotFrank 
ambassador: human 
ambassadorial: human 
ambassadorship: Occupation 
ambassadress: human 
amber: material 
ambergris: physical 
ambiance: Occasion 
ambidextrous: dishonest 
ambient: Environment 
ambiguously: vague 
ambit: Range 
ambitiously: resolute 
ambivalence: emotion 
ambivalency: emotion 
ambivalent: irresolute 
amble: walk 
ambomycin: medicine 
ambrosial: GoodTaste 
ambrosian: GoodTaste 
ambulacrum: part 
ambulance: LandVehicle 
ambulant: able 
ambulate: associate 
ambulatory: able 
ambuscade: hide 
ambush: hide 
ambusher: human 
AMD: disease 
ameba: bacteria 
ameliorate: improve 
amelioration: improve 
amen: expression 
amenability: Adaptability 
amenable: obey 
amend: amend 
amendable: able 
amends: expenditure 
amenity: cosy 
amenorrhea: phenomena 
amenorrhoea: phenomena 
ament: part 
amerce: punish 
amercement: expenditure 
America: place 
Americanise: ize 
Americanization: ize 
Americanize: ize 
Americas: earth 
americium: metal 
ametabolic: FormChange 
ametabolous: FormChange 
ametropia: disease 
amfomycin: medicine 
Amharic: language 
amiability: amiable 
amiable: modest 
amiableness: amiable 
amiabley: amiable 
amicability: amiable 
amicable: amiable 
amicableness: amiable 
amicably: amiable 
amide: chemical 
amidine: chemical 
Amidopyrine: medicine 
amidship: part 
amidships: part 
Amiens: place 
amigo: human 
amine: medicine 
aminic: chemical 
amino: chemical 
aminoaciduria: disease 
aminoethane: chemical 
aminopherase: part 
aminophylline: medicine 
aminoplast: material 
aminotransferase: part 
Amitabha: expression 
amitosis: fact 
amitotic: separate 
amlodipine: medicine 
Amman: place 
ammeter: tool 
ammine: chemical 
ammonia: chemical 
ammoniac: chemical 
ammoniacal: chemical 
ammonic: chemical 
ammonification: ize 
ammonify: ize 
ammonium: metal 
ammonolysis: ize 
ammunition: weapon 
amnesia: disease 
amnesiac: disease 
amnesic: disease 
amnestic: disease 
amnic: part 
amnio: diagnose 
amniocentesis: diagnose 
amnion: part 
amnionic: part 
amniotic: part 
amoeba: bacteria 
amoebiasis: disease 
amoral: immoral 
amorally: immoral 
amoretto: humanized 
amorously: passionate 
amorousness: aspiration 
amortisation: restrain 
amortise: return 
amortisseur: part 
amortize: return 
amount: Amount 
amour: Intimacy 
amoxicillin: medicine 
amoxil: medicine 
Amoy: language 
amperage: Amount 
ampere: Unit 
amperemeter: tool 
amphetamine: medicine 
Amphetamine: medicine 
amphiarthrosis: part 
Amphibia: group 
amphibious: able 
amphimixis: mating 
amphioxus: fish 
amphisbaena: beast 
amphitheater: facilities 
amphitheatric: facilities 
amphitheatrical: facilities 
amphithecium: part 
amphora: tool 
ample: many 
ampleness: sufficient 
amplification: enlarge 
amplifier: tool 
amplify: enlarge 
amply: many 
ampoule: tool 
ampule: tool 
ampulla: part 
amputate: cut 
amputation: cut 
Amsterdam: place 
amulet: tool 
Amur: waters 
amuse: tease 
amusing: interesting 
amusingly: interesting 
amusive: interesting 
amygdala: part 
amygdaliform: FormValue 
amygdaloid: FormValue 
amygdaloidal: FormValue 
amylase: part 
amylobarbitone: medicine 
an: cardinal 
An: surname 
ANA: InstitutePlace 
anabasis: GoForward 
anabolic: produce 
Anacardiaceae: tree 
anachronism: unsuitable 
anachronistic: EffectivityValue 
anachronistically: EffectivityValue 
anacoluthon: discordant 
anaconda: beast 
anacoustic: able 
anacrusis: sound 
anaemia: phenomena 
anaerobe: bacteria 
anaerobic: need 
anaerobiotic: need 
anaerobium: bacteria 
anaesthesia: CauseToDo 
anaesthetic: medicine 
anaesthetise: CauseToDo 
anaesthetist: human 
anaesthetize: CauseToDo 
anaetobic: need 
anagnorisis: perception 
anagrammatise: recreation 
anagrammatize: recreation 
anagrams: problem 
Anaheim: place 
anal: part 
analects: readings 
analemma: shape 
analeptic: medicine 
analgesia: restrain 
analgetic: restrain 
analgin: medicine 
analog: imitate 
analogic: alike 
analogise: deduce 
analogize: deduce 
analogous: alike 
analogously: alike 
analogue: imitate 
analphabetic: human 
analysable: able 
analyse: analyze 
analysis: analyze 
analyst: human 
analytical: analyze 
analytically: PropertyValue 
analytics: analyze 
analyzable: able 
analyze: analyze 
analyzer: software 
anamnesis: disease 
anamorphosis: FormChange 
anaphor: part 
anaphylaxis: disease 
anaplasia: disease 
anaplasty: fact 
anaptyxis: fact 
anarchic: thinking 
anarchical: thinking 
anarchically: chaotic 
anarchism: thinking 
anarchist: human 
anarchy: Circumstances 
anasarca: disease 
anastigmatic: normal 
anastomose: fit 
anastomosis: fit 
anastylosis: fact 
anathema: thing 
anathematisation: discharge 
anathematization: discharge 
anathematize: discharge 
anathemise: ExpressAgainst 
anathemize: ExpressAgainst 
Anatolia: earth 
anatomic: knowledge 
anatomical: knowledge 
anatomically: PropertyValue 
anatomise: split 
anatomist: human 
anatomize: split 
anatoxin: physical 
anatto: tree 
ancestor: human 
ancestors: human 
ancestral: SourceValue 
ancestry: human 
anchorman: human 
anchorperson: human 
anchorwoman: human 
anchovy: fish 
anchylosis: phenomena 
ancient: TimeLong 
anciently: past 
ancillary: secondary 
ancon: part 
ancone: part 
ancylose: paralyse 
and: FuncWord 
Anda: place 
Andersen: human 
andesite: stone 
Andorra: place 
Andorran: RelatingToCountry 
androecium: part 
androgen: physical 
androgenesis: fact 
androgeny: fact 
androgyne: human 
androgyny: SexValue 
android: implement 
Andromeda: celestial 
androsphinx: humanized 
androsterone: physical 
Andy: human 
anecdote: fact 
anecdotes: information 
anele: congratulate 
anemia: phenomena 
anemography: fact 
anemometer: tool 
anemometry: fact 
anencephalia: disease 
anencephaly: disease 
aner: InsectWorm 
anesthesia: CauseToDo 
anesthesiologist: human 
anesthesiology: knowledge 
anesthetic: medicine 
anesthetise: CauseToDo 
anesthetist: human 
anesthetize: CauseToDo 
anestrum: time 
anestrus: time 
aneurism: disease 
aneurysm: disease 
anew: again 
angeitis: disease 
angel: humanized 
angelfish: fish 
angelically: benevolent 
anger: irritate 
angiectasis: phenomena 
angiemphraxis: disease 
angina: phenomena 
angiogram: fact 
angiography: fact 
angiology: knowledge 
angioma: disease 
angiomatous: disease 
angiopathy: disease 
angioplasty: fact 
angiorrhexis: phenomena 
angiosclerosis: phenomena 
angiosperm: plant 
angleiron: material 
angler: human 
angleworm: InsectWorm 
Anglicisation: ize 
anglicise: ize 
Anglicization: ize 
anglicize: ize 
anglify: ize 
anglophone: human 
Angola: place 
angriness: emotion 
angst: emotion 
angstrom: Unit 
anguished: sorrowful 
angular: Angle 
anhinga: bird 
Anhui: place 
anhydride: chemical 
aniline: chemical 
animacay: Property 
animadvert: ExpressAgainst 
animalcule: bacteria 
animalculum: bacteria 
Animalia: AnimalHuman 
animalisation: ize 
animalise: ize 
animalism: Property 
animality: Property 
animalization: ize 
animalize: ize 
animals: beast 
animated: interesting 
animatedly: interesting 
animateness: animate 
animatronic: part 
animatronics: knowledge 
animosity: emotion 
animus: purpose 
anion: part 
aniseed: part 
anisotropic: Amount 
anisotropically: Amount 
anisotropy: Amount 
Ankara: place 
ankle: part 
anklebone: part 
anklet: tool 
ankylenteron: phenomena 
ankylose: paralyse 
anlage: part 
Anlu: place 
annalist: human 
annals: readings 
annatto: tree 
anneal: produce 
annealing: method 
Annecy: place 
annexe: house 
annexes: part 
annexitis: disease 
annihilate: destroy 
annihilation: destroy 
anniversary: time 
annotate: explain 
annotations: text 
announce: announce 
announcement: text 
announcment: announce 
annoying: able 
annoyingly: able 
annual: publications 
annually: FrequencyValue 
annuity: payment 
annul: remove 
annular: round 
annulate: round 
annulated: round 
annulus: image 
annum: Age 
annunciate: announce 
annunciation: announce 
anodise: apply 
anodize: apply 
anoestrum: time 
anoestrus: time 
anomalistical: abnormal 
anomalous: abnormal 
anomaly: phenomena 
anomie: immoral 
anomy: immoral 
anonym: Name 
anonymity: fake 
anonymous: fake 
anonymously: fake 
anopheles: InsectWorm 
anoplasty: fact 
anorak: clothing 
anorectal: part 
anorexia: disease 
anorthography: disease 
anoscope: tool 
another: other 
anovulant: medicine 
Anqing: place 
ANSA: institution 
Ansai: place 
AnShan: place 
Anshun: place 
answer: text 
answerability: duty 
answerable: bear 
answerableness: duty 
answerer: human 
answerphone: tool 
ant: InsectWorm 
anta: part 
antacid: medicine 
antagonise: irritate 
antagonist: human 
antagonistic: wicked 
antagonistically: antagonistic 
antagonize: irritate 
Antai: humanized 
antalkali: chemical 
antarctic: part 
Antarctica: earth 
ante: put 
anteater: beast 
antecede: ExistAppear 
antecedence: enjoy 
antecedency: enjoy 
antecessor: human 
antechamber: room 
antedate: situated 
antediluvial: time 
antediluvian: time 
antefix: material 
antelmycin: medicine 
antelope: beast 
antenatal: time 
antenuptial: time 
antependium: tool 
anterior: past 
anteriority: enjoy 
antetype: example 
anthelion: lights 
anthelix: part 
anthelminthic: chemical 
anthelmintic: chemical 
anthem: music 
anthemion: image 
anther: part 
antheridial: part 
antheridium: part 
anthesis: time 
anthologise: compile 
anthologist: human 
anthologize: compile 
anthology: publications 
anthracene: chemical 
anthracite: material 
anthracosis: disease 
anthramycin: medicine 
anthrax: disease 
anthropic: human 
anthropical: human 
anthropocentricity: thinking 
anthropocentrism: thinking 
anthropogenesis: knowledge 
anthropogeny: knowledge 
anthropoid: beast 
anthropologic: knowledge 
anthropological: knowledge 
anthropologist: human 
anthropology: knowledge 
anthropometry: fact 
anthropomorphic: FormValue 
anthropomorphise: ize 
anthropomorphism: thinking 
anthropomorphize: ize 
anthropomorphous: FormValue 
anthropophagite: human 
anthropophagus: human 
anthropotomy: knowledge 
anti: FuncWord 
antiaircraft: weapon 
antiarrhythmic: medicine 
antibacterial: medicine 
antibiosis: able 
antibody: part 
anticancer: fight 
anticatalyst: medicine 
antichemical: able 
anticholinergic: able 
anticipative: predict 
anticipatory: MakeEarlier 
anticlimactic: changeable 
anticlimactical: changeable 
anticlockwise: backward 
anticoagulation: fight 
anticorrosive: able 
anticosine: symbol 
anticotangent: symbol 
anticyclone: wind 
antidepressant: medicine 
antidiabetic: medicine 
antidote: medicine 
antielectron: part 
antiemetic: medicine 
antiepileptic: medicine 
antiforeign: oppose 
antigen: part 
Antigone: humanized 
Antigua: place 
antihero: human 
antihistamine: medicine 
antihyperon: part 
antihypertensive: medicine 
antimagnetic: able 
antimetabolite: medicine 
antimonial: PropertyValue 
antimonopoly: fight 
antimony: metal 
antinomianism: thinking 
antinomy: discordant 
antioxidant: medicine 
antiparticle: part 
antipasto: food 
antipathetic: inactive 
antipathetical: inactive 
antipathy: emotion 
antiphlogistic: medicine 
antiproton: part 
antipruritic: medicine 
Antipyrine: medicine 
antiquarian: human 
antiquary: human 
antiquate: abandon 
antiquated: unfashionable 
antiquities: artifact 
antireflection: able 
antireflective: able 
antirust: able 
antisatellite: able 
antisemitism: thinking 
antisepsis: able 
antiseptic: able 
antisepticize: ize 
antiserum: part 
antisocial: FitNot 
antistatic: able 
antisubmarine: able 
antisymmetric: asymmetrical 
antitangent: symbol 
antitank: able 
antitheism: knowledge 
antitheist: human 
antithesis: part 
antithetic: BeOpposite 
antithetical: BeOpposite 
antithetically: CircumstancesValue 
antitoxic: medicine 
antitoxin: medicine 
antitrade: wind 
antitragus: part 
antitrust: fight 
antitumor: fight 
antitumour: fight 
antitype: Kind 
antitypic: Kind 
antitypical: Kind 
antivibrator: tool 
antiviral: able 
antiwar: oppose 
antizen: tribe 
antler: part 
antonym: expression 
antonymy: Property 
antrum: part 
antu: chemical 
Antwerp: place 
Antwerpen: place 
anuran: beast 
anuria: disease 
anus: part 
any: thing 
Anyang: place 
anybody: human 
anyhow: FuncWord 
anymore: again 
anyone: human 
anyplace: location 
anything: thing 
anytime: FuncWord 
anyway: FuncWord 
Anze: place 
Ao: surname 
Aodang: place 
Aomori: place 
aorta: part 
Aoshan: place 
Aoshanwan: place 
Aoshanwei: place 
AP: institution 
apace: clever 
apart: farewell 
apartheid: separate 
apartment: house 
apathetic: indifferent 
apathetically: indifferent 
apathy: indifferent 
apatite: stone 
ape: imitate 
APEC: community 
apeman: human 
aperient: medicine 
aperiodic: regular 
apery: imitate 
apex: part 
aphanite: stone 
aphasia: disease 
aphasic: human 
aphelion: location 
aphid: InsectWorm 
aphis: InsectWorm 
aphonia: BeUnable 
aphorise: express 
aphorism: expression 
aphorize: express 
aphrodisiac: medicine 
aphtha: disease 
API: software 
Apia: place 
apiece: single 
aplite: stone 
aplomb: composed 
aplune: location 
apnoea: obstruct 
apoapsis: location 
apocalypse: publications 
apocynthion: location 
apodosis: expression 
apogamy: fact 
apogee: location 
apojove: location 
Apollo: humanized 
apologetic: apologize 
apologetically: polite 
apologetics: knowledge 
apologise: apologize 
apologist: human 
apologize: apologize 
apologue: text 
apolune: location 
apomict: plant 
apomictic: SexValue 
apomixis: fact 
aponeurosis: part 
apophthegm: expression 
apophysis: disease 
aposelene: location 
aposiopesis: fact 
apostasy: fact 
apostate: human 
apostatise: betray 
apostatize: betray 
aposteriori: acquired 
apostle: human 
apostleship: Status 
apostolic: human 
apostolical: human 
apostrophe: symbol 
apostrophise: use 
apostrophize: use 
apothecary: human 
apothecium: part 
apothegm: expression 
apotheose: ize 
apotheosis: ize 
apotheosise: ize 
apotheosize: ize 
app: software 
appal: fear 
appall: fear 
apparatus: tool 
apparel: clothing 
apparency: lucid 
apparent: lucid 
apparentness: lucid 
appealing: attractive 
appealingly: gentle 
appellatioin: Name 
appellative: naming 
appellee: human 
appellor: human 
append: include 
appendectomy: fact 
appendicectomy: fact 
appendicitis: disease 
appendix: part 
apperance: Appearance 
apperceive: perception 
appertain: BeMember 
appetency: FondOf 
appetizer: food 
appetizing: GoodTaste 
applaudable: able 
Apple: InstitutePlace 
appliance: implement 
applicability: Pertinence 
applicant: human 
application: use 
applications: fact 
applied: fact 
applique: tool 
appoggiatura: sound 
appoint: appoint 
apportionment: issue 
appose: put 
apposite: proper 
apposition: Property 
appositional: Property 
appositive: Property 
appraise: estimate 
appraiser: human 
appreciable: many 
appreciably: lucid 
appreciate: understand 
appreciative: able 
appreciatively: amiable 
appreciativeness: emotion 
apprehensible: able 
apprehensions: emotion 
apprehensively: eager 
apprehensiveness: emotion 
apprenticeship: Status 
apprisal: text 
apprise: tell 
apprize: tell 
approach: treat 
approachability: sociable 
approachable: easy 
approbate: ExpressAgreement 
approbation: ExpressAgreement 
approve: ExpressAgreement 
approvingly: amiable 
approximant: symbol 
approximate: roughly 
approximately: roughly 
approximation: approach 
approximative: alike 
approximatively: alike 
appurtenant: secondary 
apramycin: medicine 
April: time 
apriorism: knowledge 
apron: clothing 
aproximately: FuncWord 
apsis: location 
apt: suitable 
aptitude: Ability 
aptly: qualified 
aptness: Properness 
apus: InsectWorm 
Aqaba: place 
aqua: liquid 
aquacultural: method 
aquaculture: foster 
aqualung: tool 
aquamarine: material 
aquanaut: human 
aquarium: tool 
Aquarius: KindValue 
aquatic: able 
aquatics: fact 
aqueduct: waters 
aqueous: PropertyValue 
aquicultural: method 
aquiculture: method 
aquiline: curved 
AR: place 
Ara: celestial 
Arab: RelatingToCountry 
arable: able 
arachnoid: part 
Arafat: human 
arbalest: machine 
arbalist: machine 
arbiter: human 
arbitrager: human 
arbitrageur: human 
arbitral: mediate 
arbitrament: mediate 
arbitrarily: rash 
arbitrariness: Fairness 
arbitrary: biased 
arbitration: mediate 
arbitrational: mediate 
arbitrator: human 
arbitrement: mediate 
arboraceous: exuberant 
arborary: tree 
arborescent: FormValue 
arboresque: FormValue 
arboretum: facilities 
arborical: tree 
arboriculture: planting 
arboriculturist: human 
arboriform: FormValue 
arborise: FormChange 
arborist: human 
arborize: FormChange 
arborous: tree 
arc: shape 
arcade: part 
arcadian: BestQuality 
arcanum: problem 
arced: round 
archaebacteria: bacteria 
archaebacterium: bacteria 
archaeobacteria: bacteria 
archaeologic: knowledge 
archaeological: knowledge 
archaeologist: human 
archaeology: knowledge 
archaeopteryx: bird 
archaic: past 
archaicism: expression 
archaise: imitate 
archaism: expression 
archaize: imitate 
archangel: humanized 
archbishop: human 
archduchy: place 
archegonium: part 
archenemy: human 
archeologic: knowledge 
archeological: knowledge 
archeologist: human 
archeology: knowledge 
archer: human 
archerfish: fish 
archery: fact 
archesporium: part 
Archimedes: human 
archipelagic: land 
archipelago: land 
architect: human 
architectural: building 
architecture: part 
archivist: human 
archivistics: knowledge 
archly: sly 
arciform: round 
arcsine: symbol 
Arctic: waters 
arcuate: round 
ardour: emotion 
ARDS: disease 
arduous: difficult 
arduously: difficult 
arduousness: Effortfulness 
areal: local 
areola: part 
argali: livestock 
Argentina: place 
Argentine: RelatingToCountry 
Argentinian: RelatingToCountry 
argentite: stone 
argil: stone 
argon: chemical 
argonon: gas 
argot: expression 
arguable: able 
arguably: able 
arguement: debate 
arguer: human 
argufy: persuade 
argument: thought 
argumentation: text 
argumentative: FondOf 
argumentatively: PropertyValue 
argumentum: information 
arhat: human 
ARI: InstitutePlace 
aria: music 
arid: dried 
aries: celestial 
Aries: KindValue 
arietta: music 
aright: correct 
arise: leave 
arista: part 
aristocrat: human 
aristocratic: Lineage 
aristocratical: Lineage 
aristocratically: noble 
Aristotle: human 
arithmetical: knowledge 
arithmetically: knowledge 
Arizona: place 
Arizonan: human 
Arizonian: human 
Arkansan: human 
Arkansas: place 
Arkansawyer: human 
armada: part 
armadillo: beast 
armament: weapon 
armamentarium: artifact 
armature: tool 
armband: tool 
armchair: furniture 
Armenia: place 
Armenian: RelatingToCountry 
armful: NounUnit 
armistice: cease 
armlet: tool 
armor: tool 
armory: facilities 
armour: tool 
armoured: PackingValue 
armoury: facilities 
armrest: fittings 
arms: weapon 
armsreserve: part 
Armstrong: human 
army: part 
armyworm: InsectWorm 
armywoum: InsectWorm 
arnica: medicine 
Arnsberg: place 
aroma: Odor 
aromatherapy: fact 
aromatically: fragrant 
aromaticness: fragrant 
aromatise: spread 
aromatize: spread 
around: FuncWord 
aroused: excited 
arraign: accuse 
arrange: PutInOrder 
arrangement: result 
arrangements: affairs 
arranger: human 
arrant: extreme 
Arras: place 
array: Sequence 
arrear: wealth 
arrears: wealth 
arrest: catch 
arrgant: arrogant 
arrhythmia: disease 
arris: part 
arrival: arrive 
arrive: arrive 
arrivederci: expression 
arriviste: human 
arrogant: arrogant 
arrogantly: arrogant 
arrogation: deprive 
arrouse: call 
arrowhead: vegetable 
arrowy: upright 
arsenal: facilities 
arsenic: chemical 
arsenide: chemical 
arsine: chemical 
arsis: Pattern 
arson: lighting 
arsonist: human 
art: method 
artefact: artifact 
artemisia: FlowerGrass 
artemisinin: medicine 
arteria: part 
arterial: part 
arterialise: ize 
arterialize: ize 
arteriectasia: phenomena 
arteriectasis: phenomena 
arteriography: fact 
arteriola: part 
arteriole: part 
arteriolosclerosis: disease 
arteriosclerosis: disease 
arteritis: disease 
artful: sly 
artfully: sly 
artfulness: sly 
arthralgia: phenomena 
arthritis: disease 
arthrogram: fact 
arthrography: fact 
arthropathy: disease 
arthroplasty: fact 
arthropod: AnimalHuman 
arthroscope: tool 
arthroscopy: tool 
artichoke: vegetable 
articular: part 
articulary: part 
articulately: fluent 
articulatio: part 
articulation: speak 
artifact: artifact 
artifice: fact 
artificer: human 
artificially: artificial 
artilleryman: human 
artillerymen: human 
artiodactyl: animal 
artisan: human 
artist: human 
artistically: beautiful 
artistry: Property 
artlessly: naif 
artlessness: naif 
aruspex: human 
arytaenoid: part 
arytenoid: part 
ASA: medicine 
Asahikawa: place 
Asama: land 
ASAP: early 
asbestos: material 
asbestosis: disease 
ascariasis: disease 
ascarid: InsectWorm 
ascend: GoUp 
ascendant: human 
ascendent: human 
ascension: GoUp 
ascent: GoUp 
ascertainable: able 
ascesis: fact 
ascetic: miserable 
ascetical: miserable 
ascetically: miserable 
Aschaffenbarg: place 
ascidium: part 
ASCII: symbol 
ascites: phenomena 
ascogonium: part 
ascribe: explain 
ascus: bacteria 
asea: facing 
ASEAN: community 
aseptic: PropertyValue 
asexual: SexValue 
asexuality: SexValue 
ashamed: shy 
ashes: waste 
Ashikaga: place 
Ashkhabad: place 
ashore: arrive 
ashtray: tool 
ashy: grey 
Asia: earth 
Asian: human 
aside: text 
asinine: foolish 
askance: slanted 
askant: slanted 
asker: human 
askew: slanted 
aslant: slanted 
asleep: sleep 
asocial: FitNot 
asparagine: chemical 
aspartame: material 
asperation: aspiration 
aspergillosis: disease 
aspergillum: tool 
asperse: slander 
aspersion: text 
asphalt: material 
asphaltic: material 
aspheric: shape 
aspherical: shape 
asphyxia: phenomena 
asphyxiate: obstruct 
asphyxiation: obstruct 
asphyxiator: tool 
aspic: food 
aspiration: inhale 
aspire: decide 
aspirin: medicine 
asquint: slanted 
ass: part 
Assad: human 
assagai: weapon 
assailable: easy 
Assamese: language 
assassin: human 
assassinate: kill 
assassination: kill 
assault: mating 
assaulter: human 
assegai: weapon 
assemble: SetAside 
assemblyman: human 
assent: agree 
assert: speak 
assertion: announce 
assertive: autocratic 
assertively: autocratic 
assertiveness: autocratic 
assessement: estimate 
assessor: human 
asset: material 
asseverate: speak 
assiduity: diligent 
assiduous: diligent 
assiduously: diligent 
assiduousness: diligent 
assify: IllTreat 
assign: receive 
assignee: human 
assignment: issue 
assimilability: Rate 
assimilate: ize 
assimilative: ize 
assimilatory: ize 
assist: help 
assistance: help 
assistant: secondary 
associability: Sociality 
associableness: Sociality 
associateship: Occupation 
associationism: knowledge 
associative: connect 
associatory: connect 
assoil: CauseNotToBe 
assort: classify 
assortment: thing 
Assouan: place 
Assuan: place 
assume: undertake 
assumed: reasonable 
assumption: RegardAs 
assumptive: reasonable 
assuredness: composed 
Assyria: place 
AST: part 
astable: peaceful 
Astana: place 
astatic: peaceful 
astatine: part 
asterisk: symbol 
asteroid: FormValue 
asthenopia: tired 
asthma: disease 
asthmatic: disease 
astigmatic: disease 
astigmatism: disease 
astonied: surprise 
astonish: frighten 
astonished: surprise 
astonishing: able 
astonishingly: extreme 
astonishment: fear 
astound: fear 
astral: FormValue 
astray: ignorant 
astringe: shrink 
astringent: shrink 
astro: celestial 
astrobiology: knowledge 
astrodynamics: knowledge 
astrogate: guide 
astrological: method 
astrology: method 
astrometry: knowledge 
astronaut: human 
astronautical: knowledge 
astronautics: knowledge 
astronomer: human 
astronomic: knowledge 
astronomical: knowledge 
astronomy: knowledge 
astrophysical: knowledge 
astrophysicist: human 
astrophysics: knowledge 
astute: clever 
astutely: clever 
asuage: weaken 
Asuncion: place 
Aswan: place 
asylum: InstitutePlace 
asymmetric: asymmetrical 
asymmetrical: asymmetrical 
asymmetricalwarfare: fact 
asymptomatic: PropertyValue 
asymptote: Boundary 
asymptotic: Boundary 
asymptotical: Boundary 
asynchronism: Sequence 
asynchronous: asynchronous 
asynchrony: Sequence 
asyndeton: phenomena 
asynergia: phenomena 
asynergy: phenomena 
asystole: phenomena 
ataraxia: peaceful 
atavism: phenomena 
ataxia: disease 
ataxic: chaotic 
ataxy: disease 
ATC: fact 
atheism: knowledge 
atheistic: knowledge 
atheistical: knowledge 
Athens: place 
atheroma: disease 
atherosclerosis: disease 
atherosclerotic: disease 
atherosis: disease 
athlete: human 
athletics: fact 
Atlanta: place 
Atlantic: waters 
atlas: publications 
ATM: facilities 
atmolysis: analyze 
atmospheric: part 
atmospherics: phenomena 
atom: part 
atomarium: facilities 
atomic: part 
atomise: ize 
atomism: knowledge 
atomization: ize 
atomize: ize 
atomizer: tool 
atone: enrich 
atopic: disease 
atopognosia: disease 
atopognosis: disease 
atopy: disease 
atresia: phenomena 
atrocious: fierce 
atrociously: fierce 
atrociousness: Behavior 
atrocity: fact 
atrophic: PropertyValue 
atrophy: disease 
atropine: medicine 
attach: include 
attache: human 
attached: many 
attain: fulfil 
attainability: Ability 
attainable: possible 
attainableness: Ability 
attainment: Rank 
attainments: accomplishment 
attaint: PlayDown 
attemper: adjust 
attempt: try 
attempted: undergo 
attendee: human 
attention: TakeCare 
attentively: attentive 
attenuation: BecomeLess 
attest: prove 
attic: room 
attitude: Behavior 
attitudinise: affected 
attitudinize: affected 
attorn: give 
attorney: human 
attorneyship: Status 
attractively: attractive 
attributable: able 
attributive: part 
attributively: PropertyValue 
attrition: exhaust 
attune: ize 
Atushi: place 
atypical: normal 
Auckland: place 
auctioneer: sell 
audaciously: brave 
audibility: Ability 
audible: able 
audibleness: Ability 
audibly: able 
audifier: tool 
audile: human 
audiocassette: tool 
audiogram: image 
audiologist: human 
audiometer: tool 
audiometry: fact 
audiomonitor: tool 
audion: part 
audiotape: tool 
audiovisual: tool 
audiphone: tool 
audit: check 
auditorium: room 
auditory: experience 
auger: tool 
aught: Amount 
augmentative: MakeBetter 
Augsburg: place 
augur: predict 
augural: predict 
augury: text 
August: time 
Augusta: place 
augustness: dignified 
auld: TimeLong 
auntie: human 
aunty: human 
aura: information 
aural: experience 
aurally: PropertyValue 
aureole: lights 
auricle: part 
auricula: FlowerGrass 
auriferous: PropertyValue 
aurify: AlterColor 
Aurillac: place 
aurochs: beast 
aurora: lights 
Aurora: place 
Auschwitz: InstitutePlace 
auscultate: diagnose 
auscultation: method 
auspicate: predict 
auspice: information 
auspicious: happy 
Aussie: human 
Austen: human 
austerely: austere 
austereness: austere 
Austral: money 
Australian: RelatingToCountry 
autarchy: system 
autarky: alive 
auteur: human 
authentically: true 
authentication: prove 
authenticity: Trueness 
author: human 
authorisation: ExpressAgreement 
authorise: ExpressAgreement 
authoritarian: autocratic 
authoritarianism: system 
authoritative: powerful 
authoritatively: powerful 
authoritativeness: Power 
authorities: institution 
authorization: ExpressAgreement 
authorize: ExpressAgreement 
autism: phenomena 
autistic: phenomena 
auto: automatic 
autobiographic: Pattern 
autobiography: text 
autoboat: ship 
autobus: LandVehicle 
autocar: LandVehicle 
autocatalysis: SpeedUp 
autochthon: human 
autochthonal: human 
autochthonic: human 
autochthonous: human 
autocontrol: control 
autocracy: system 
autocratic: autocratic 
autocratically: autocratic 
autocraticcally: autocratic 
autoeroticism: mating 
autoerotism: mating 
autogenics: fact 
autogiro: aircraft 
autograft: fact 
autograph: text 
autogyro: aircraft 
autoimmune: able 
autoimmunity: Role 
autolatry: respect 
automaker: InstitutePlace 
automanual: automatic 
automat: implement 
automate: ize 
automated: automatic 
automatic: automatic 
automatically: automatic 
automation: ize 
automatise: ize 
automatism: fact 
automatization: ize 
automatize: ize 
automaton: implement 
automobile: LandVehicle 
automobilist: human 
automotive: automatic 
automysophobia: phenomena 
autonomous: manage 
autophagy: bite 
autoplasty: fact 
autopsic: check 
autopsist: human 
autosexing: distinguish 
autosomal: part 
autosome: part 
autosuggestion: express 
autotomise: cut 
autotomize: cut 
autotomy: cut 
autoworker: human 
autumn: time 
Auxerre: place 
auxiliary: secondary 
auxin: medicine 
AV: shows 
availability: Ability 
available: able 
availableness: Ability 
avalanche: mishap 
avarice: aspiration 
avaricious: acquisitive 
Ave: route 
avenge: revenge 
avenue: route 
average: ordinary 
averageness: average 
averment: speak 
averse: inactive 
aversion: emotion 
Aves: bird 
avian: bird 
avianise: weaken 
avianize: weaken 
aviary: facilities 
aviate: drive 
aviation: fact 
aviator: human 
aviculture: foster 
avid: aspiration 
avidly: interesting 
avifauna: bird 
Avignon: place 
avilamycin: medicine 
aviod: evade 
avionics: knowledge 
avitaminosis: disease 
AVN: disease 
avocation: fact 
avoid: restrain 
avoidable: possible 
avoidance: obstruct 
avoirdupois: regulation 
avouch: guarantee 
avowal: announce 
avowedly: FuncWord 
avulse: separate 
awake: awake 
awaken: understand 
award: tool 
aware: understand 
awareness: experience 
awash: spill 
aweful: able 
awesome: able 
awesomely: attractive 
awfully: extreme 
awfulness: able 
awhile: TimeShort 
awing: able 
awkwardly: NotQuick 
awl: tool 
awn: part 
awol: cease 
axes: image 
axil: part 
axilla: part 
axiological: knowledge 
axiology: knowledge 
axiomatic: reason 
axiomatical: reason 
Axis: place 
axis: plans 
ay: document 
aye: document 
Aymara: language 
Ayr: place 
AZ: location 
azalea: FlowerGrass 
Azerbaijan: place 
Azeri: language 
azidothymidine: medicine 
azimuth: location 
azimuthal: location 
azodicarbonamide: chemical 
azotaemia: disease 
azotemia: disease 
azotomycin: medicine 
azoturia: disease 
AZT: medicine 
azure: blue 
azurite: material 
azymia: phenomena 
babble: vague 
babbler: bird 
babbling: sound 
babe: human 
Babesiosis: disease 
babka: food 
baboon: beast 
Baboshan: facilities 
babygro: clothing 
babyhood: time 
Babylon: place 
Babylonian: place 
Babylonion: human 
babysitter: human 
babysitting: TakeCare 
baccalaureate: Status 
Baccarat: fact 
bacchanal: fact 
bacchanalia: fact 
bacchant: human 
bacchante: human 
bacchius: Performance 
baccy: tobacoo 
bach: human 
Bach: human 
bachelor: human 
bachelorhood: unmarried 
bachelorship: Breeding 
bacillary: bacteria 
bacilli: bacteria 
bacillus: bacteria 
back: part 
backboard: SportTool 
backbone: Will 
backcross: mating 
backdate: succeed 
backdoor: part 
backdown: deny 
backdrop: tool 
backer: human 
backfill: fill 
backfire: result 
background: tool 
backgrounder: fact 
backhand: backward 
backhoe: tool 
backing: human 
backlash: respond 
backless: FormValue 
backlight: lights 
backlog: physical 
backmost: PositioningValue 
backpack: tool 
backpacker: human 
backpedal: disobey 
backpropagation: disseminate 
backrest: part 
backroom: room 
backsaw: tool 
backscatter: disperse 
backscratcher: tool 
backseat: part 
backsheesh: payment 
backside: part 
backslap: beat 
backslash: symbol 
backslide: decline 
backsliding: BeRecovered 
backspacer: part 
backstairs: part 
backstitch: fasten 
backstroke: fact 
backtalk: refute 
backwards: hind 
backwash: result 
backwater: water 
backyard: location 
bacteremia: disease 
bacteria: bacteria 
bacteriacide: chemical 
bacteriaemia: disease 
bacterial: bacteria 
bactericidal: kill 
bactericide: chemical 
bacteriemia: disease 
bacterioid: bacteria 
bacterioidal: bacteria 
bacteriologic: knowledge 
bacteriological: knowledge 
bacteriologist: human 
bacteriology: knowledge 
bacteriophage: bacteria 
bacteriostasis: restrain 
bacteriotherapy: fact 
bacterise: doctor 
bacterium: bacteria 
bacterize: doctor 
bacteroidal: bacteria 
bactriostasis: Role 
baculum: part 
Badaling: land 
badge: PutOn 
badminton: fact 
badmouth: slander 
badness: Degree 
Badong: place 
BAF: fact 
baffle: tool 
bafflement: confuse 
baffleplate: tool 
baffling: difficult 
bagascosis: disease 
bagasse: waste 
bagassosis: disease 
bagatelle: fact 
Bagdad: place 
bagel: food 
bagful: NounUnit 
baggage: tool 
baggageman: human 
Baghdad: place 
bagman: human 
bagnio: InstitutePlace 
bagpipe: MusicTool 
baguet: food 
baguette: food 
Bahamian: RelatingToCountry 
Bahasa: language 
Bahrain: place 
Bahraini: RelatingToCountry 
Baht: money 
Bai: surname 
Baicheng: place 
Baidu: InstitutePlace 
Baikal: waters 
bail: TakeOutOfWater 
Baili: surname 
bailiff: human 
bailment: release 
bailout: rescue 
bailsman: human 
Baiquan: place 
Baise: place 
baishao: FlowerGrass 
bait: tool 
baiyao: medicine 
baji: sound 
Bajin: human 
bake: WarmUp 
bakehouse: InstitutePlace 
bakelite: material 
baker: human 
Bakersfield: place 
bakery: InstitutePlace 
bakeshop: InstitutePlace 
baking: WarmUp 
baksheesh: payment 
bakshis: payment 
bakshish: payment 
Baku: place 
balancer: human 
balanitis: disease 
balanoposthitis: disease 
Balboa: money 
balcony: part 
baldachin: material 
balderdash: text 
baldhead: human 
baleful: disadvantageous 
Bali: place 
Balinzuoqi: place 
Balkans: place 
ballad: text 
balladeer: human 
balladry: music 
ballbearing: part 
ballerina: human 
ballgame: fact 
ballismus: disease 
ballista: machine 
ballistic: PropertyValue 
ballistics: knowledge 
ballistite: material 
ballonfish: fish 
balloon: tool 
balloting: result 
ballpen: tool 
ballplayer: human 
ballpoint: tool 
ballroom: InstitutePlace 
Ballymena: place 
ballyrag: frighten 
Baltic: waters 
Baltimore: place 
balustrade: part 
Balzac: human 
Bamako: place 
Bamberg: place 
bambermycin: medicine 
bamboozle: deceive 
Ban: surname 
Banan: place 
banana: tree 
band: tool 
bandeau: tool 
banderillero: human 
bandicoot: beast 
banditry: mishap 
bandle: NounUnit 
bandoline: tool 
bandsman: human 
Bandung: place 
bandwagon: SocialMode 
bandwidth: Rate 
bane: cause 
baneful: disadvantageous 
Banff: place 
bang: sound 
Bangalore: place 
bangalore: weapon 
Bangkok: place 
bangle: tool 
bangtail: livestock 
Bangui: place 
banish: exile 
banishment: exile 
banisters: part 
banjo: MusicTool 
Banjul: place 
bank: location 
bankbook: document 
banker: human 
banking: affairs 
banknote: money 
bankroll: provide 
banner: tool 
bannister: fittings 
bannock: food 
banquet: fact 
banqueting: entertain 
banshee: humanized 
banshie: humanized 
bantam: small 
bantamweight: Rank 
banter: tease 
banxia: FlowerGrass 
banyan: tree 
banzai: expression 
Bao: surname 
Baode: place 
Baodi: place 
Baoding: place 
Baoji: place 
Baotou: place 
baptise: agree 
baptism: agree 
baptismal: agree 
Baptist: human 
baptize: agree 
barb: tool 
Barbadian: RelatingToCountry 
Barbados: place 
barbarian: vulgar 
barbaric: unscholarly 
barbarisation: ize 
barbarise: ize 
barbarism: Behavior 
barbarization: ize 
barbarize: ize 
barbarousness: Behavior 
barbecue: tool 
barbed: FormValue 
barbell: SportTool 
barbellate: FormValue 
barbeque: tool 
barber: human 
barbershop: InstitutePlace 
barbitone: medicine 
barbiturate: medicine 
Barbuda: place 
Barcelona: place 
barchan: celestial 
bard: decorate 
barde: decorate 
barebacked: become 
barefoot: naked 
bareheaded: AttireValue 
bareness: naked 
barf: vomit 
bargain: reconcile 
bargainee: human 
bargainer: human 
bargaining: discuss 
barge: ship 
bargee: human 
bargeman: human 
baritone: sound 
barium: metal 
barkeep: human 
barkeeper: human 
barker: livestock 
barley: crop 
barm: material 
barmaid: human 
barman: human 
barmy: mad 
barnacle: fish 
barnstorm: perform 
barometric: Strength 
baroness: human 
baronetcy: Occupation 
baronial: dignified 
barony: Occupation 
baroqueness: Style 
baroreceptor: part 
baroscope: tool 
barostat: tool 
barothermogram: tool 
barothermograph: tool 
barothermohygrogram: tool 
barothermohygrograph: tool 
barotolerance: Ability 
barouche: LandVehicle 
barque: ship 
barrack: facilities 
barracks: facilities 
barracuda: fish 
barrage: firing 
barramunda: fish 
barramundi: fish 
barrater: human 
barrator: human 
barratry: fact 
barren: barren 
barrenness: disease 
barricado: BlockUp 
barrier: thing 
barrister: human 
barroom: InstitutePlace 
barrow: LandVehicle 
barrowful: NounUnit 
barstool: furniture 
bartender: human 
bartlett: fruit 
Bartonella: disease 
barycenter: part 
basal: part 
basalt: stone 
base: tool 
baseboard: part 
Basel: place 
baseless: fake 
baseline: mark 
basely: despicable 
baseman: human 
baseness: despicable 
baserunning: fact 
bash: beat 
bashful: shy 
Bashkir: language 
basicity: Performance 
basidium: part 
basification: ize 
basify: ize 
basil: FlowerGrass 
basinful: NounUnit 
basis: Standard 
basiscopic: DirectioningValue 
basket: tool 
basketeer: human 
basketful: NounUnit 
basketry: tool 
Basle: place 
Basque: RelatingToCountry 
bass: SoundVolume 
basset: appear 
basso: human 
bassoon: MusicTool 
basswood: tree 
bastard: human 
bastardisation: become 
bastardise: become 
bastardization: become 
bastardize: become 
bastardy: human 
Bastille: InstitutePlace 
bastinado: fact 
bat: SportTool 
Bata: place 
bate: remove 
bateau: ship 
batfish: fish 
batfowl: catch 
bathetic: passionate 
bathhouse: InstitutePlace 
bathing: wash 
batholite: stone 
batholith: stone 
bathometer: tool 
bathometre: tool 
bathrobe: clothing 
bathroom: room 
bathtub: tool 
bathymeter: tool 
bathymetre: tool 
bathymetric: fact 
bathymetrical: fact 
bathymetry: fact 
bathyscape: tool 
bathyscaphe: tool 
bathyscope: tool 
bathyseism: mishap 
bathysphere: tool 
bathythermograph: tool 
batik: AlterColor 
baton: weapon 
batsman: human 
battalion: part 
Battambang: place 
battercake: food 
battery: tool 
battle: fight 
battledore: fact 
battlefield: place 
battlefront: place 
battleful: FondOf 
battleground: place 
battlement: facilities 
battler: human 
battleship: weapon 
battlewagon: weapon 
battue: engage 
baud: Unit 
baulk: disobey 
bauxite: material 
Bavaria: place 
bawd: human 
bawdily: lascivious 
bawdiness: lascivious 
bawdry: text 
bawdy: lascivious 
bawdyhouse: InstitutePlace 
bawl: cry 
bawler: human 
Baxian: place 
bay: waters 
Bayan: place 
Bayer: InstitutePlace 
bayou: part 
bazaar: InstitutePlace 
Bazhong: place 
Bazhou: place 
BBC: institution 
bbl: Unit 
BC: time 
be: exist 
Be: metal 
be: situated 
beach: land 
beachcomber: human 
beachfront: land 
beachhead: place 
bead: shape 
beadhouse: InstitutePlace 
beads: tool 
beadsman: human 
beak: part 
beaker: tool 
beam: lights 
beaming: bright 
beamy: magnificent 
bean: vegetable 
beano: fact 
beanstalk: part 
bear: withstand 
bearable: able 
bearer: human 
bearing: part 
bearings: Prospect 
bearskin: part 
beast: livestock 
beastly: fierce 
beater: tool 
beatific: benevolent 
beatification: protect 
beau: human 
Beaumont: place 
beauteousness: attractive 
beautician: human 
beautification: beautify 
beautiful: beautiful 
beautifully: beautiful 
beautify: beautify 
Beauvais: place 
beaver: beast 
bebop: shows 
becalm: stay 
bechamel: material 
bechance: happen 
becharm: attract 
becloud: ize 
become: become 
becomingly: proper 
bedamn: ExpressAgainst 
bedaub: PlayDown 
bedaze: illuminate 
bedazzle: illuminate 
bedbug: InsectWorm 
bedchamber: room 
bedding: tool 
bedeck: decorate 
bedehouse: InstitutePlace 
bedesman: human 
bedevil: entice 
bedew: moisten 
bedfast: ill 
Bedford: place 
bedhop: mating 
bedight: decorate 
bedim: ize 
bedizen: decorate 
Bedlam: InstitutePlace 
bedlam: phenomena 
bedlamp: tool 
bedraggle: pollute 
bedraggled: flighty 
bedrest: rest 
bedridden: ill 
bedroll: tool 
bedroom: room 
bedsheet: tool 
bedside: location 
bedsit: room 
bedsitter: room 
bedsore: disease 
bedspread: tool 
bedstead: part 
bedstone: part 
bedtime: time 
bedwetting: phenomena 
bee: InsectWorm 
beech: tree 
beef: food 
beefsteak: food 
beefy: sturdy 
beehive: house 
beekeeper: human 
beekeeping: foster 
beep: communicate 
beeper: tool 
beer: alcohol 
beerhouse: InstitutePlace 
beeswax: material 
beet: crop 
befall: undergo 
befit: fit 
befitting: proper 
befittingly: suitable 
befog: ize 
befool: deceive 
befriend: associate 
befuddle: MakeMisunderstand 
befuddled: foolish 
befuddlement: confuse 
beget: reproduce 
begetter: human 
beggar: human 
begild: apply 
beginner: human 
beginning: time 
begird: coil 
begonia: FlowerGrass 
begrime: pollute 
begrudge: jealous 
beguile: attract 
beguiling: attractive 
beguine: shows 
behalf: Advantage 
behavioral: fact 
behaviorism: knowledge 
behaviorist: knowledge 
behavioristic: knowledge 
behavioural: fact 
behaviourism: knowledge 
behaviourist: knowledge 
behaviouristic: knowledge 
behaviours: fact 
behead: kill 
behemoth: physical 
behest: aspiration 
behindhand: late 
behold: look 
behoof: Advantage 
behoove: suitable 
behove: suitable 
Beian: place 
Beibei: place 
Beichuan: place 
Beidaihe: place 
beigel: food 
Beihai: place 
Beijing: place 
Beimen: surname 
being: FuncWord 
beingness: exist 
Beipiao: place 
Beiping: place 
Beira: place 
Beirut: place 
Beitou: place 
bejewel: decorate 
belabor: beat 
belabour: beat 
Belarus: place 
Belarusian: RelatingToCountry 
belated: late 
belatedly: late 
belay: coil 
belch: StomachTrouble 
beleaguer: attack 
belfry: facilities 
Belgium: place 
Belgrade: place 
belie: HideTruth 
believability: Ability 
believable: true 
believably: able 
believe: believe 
believer: human 
believingly: PropertyValue 
belittle: PlayDown 
belittling: PlayDown 
Bell: InstitutePlace 
bellacoola: FlowerGrass 
bellbottoms: clothing 
bellboy: human 
bellflower: FlowerGrass 
bellhop: human 
bellicose: FondOf 
bellicoseness: FondOf 
bellicosity: FondOf 
belligerency: Circumstances 
belligerently: antagonistic 
bellman: human 
bellower: human 
bellowing: sound 
bellows: tool 
bellwether: livestock 
bellyache: phenomena 
bellyacher: human 
bellyband: tool 
bellyboard: tool 
bellybutton: part 
bellyful: NounUnit 
bellying: protruding 
bellylaugh: laugh 
bellyless: FormValue 
belong: BeMember 
belongings: wealth 
Belorussia: place 
belt: tool 
beltway: route 
beluga: beast 
bemire: pollute 
bemoan: sigh 
bemock: mock 
bemuse: MakeMisunderstand 
bemused: PayAttention 
bemusement: confuse 
Ben: surname 
bename: naming 
Bencheng: place 
benchmark: Standard 
benchwork: fact 
bend: part 
bended: curved 
bender: tool 
bends: route 
beneath: location 
benefact: help 
benefaction: Merit 
benefice: grant 
beneficence: Merit 
beneficial: advantageous 
beneficially: advantageous 
beneficiate: handle 
beneficiation: fact 
benefit: obtain 
benevolence: emotion 
benevolent: benevolent 
benevolently: benevolent 
Bengal: place 
Bengalee: place 
Bengali: language 
Bengalooru: place 
Bengbu: place 
benight: ize 
benighted: unscholarly 
benign: possible 
benignancy: possible 
benignant: benevolent 
benignantly: benevolent 
benignity: possible 
benignly: possible 
Benin: place 
Beninese: RelatingToCountry 
benthos: animate 
benumb: dizzy 
Benxi: place 
Benz: LandVehicle 
benzene: chemical 
benzine: chemical 
benzoic: chemical 
benzoin: chemical 
benzol: chemical 
benzophenone: chemical 
benzopyrene: chemical 
benzyl: chemical 
Beograd: place 
beplaster: apply 
Beppu: place 
bequeath: PassOn 
bequest: thing 
berat: ExpressAgainst 
berate: ExpressAgainst 
berberine: medicine 
berceuse: music 
bereave: deprive 
beret: clothing 
berg: ice 
beriberi: disease 
BERIN: place 
Bering: waters 
berkeley: place 
berkelium: metal 
Berlin: place 
berm: part 
Bermudan: RelatingToCountry 
Bermudas: place 
Bern: place 
Berne: place 
bersagliere: human 
berthage: expenditure 
beryl: material 
beryllium: metal 
Besancon: place 
beseech: request 
beseechingly: resolute 
beseem: fit 
beset: MakeWorried 
beshrew: ExpressAgainst 
besmear: PlayDown 
besmirch: slander 
besot: frighten 
besotted: dizzy 
bespangle: decorate 
bespatter: pollute 
bespeak: buy 
bespeckle: decorate 
bespot: decorate 
besprinkle: spray 
bestialise: ize 
bestiality: fact 
bestialize: ize 
bestially: fierce 
bestir: urge 
bestowal: grant 
bestowment: grant 
bestrew: spread 
besumed: PayAttention 
beta: secondary 
betel: tree 
bethink: LookBack 
Bethlehem: place 
betide: happen 
betise: result 
betoken: mean 
betrayal: exposure 
betroth: MakeAppointment 
better: very 
betterment: improve 
betting: fact 
bettor: human 
between: time 
betwist: time 
bevel: part 
beverage: drinks 
bewail: sigh 
beware: PayAttention 
bewilder: MakeMisunderstand 
bewildering: able 
bewilderingly: difficult 
bewilderment: confuse 
bewitched: Attitude 
bewitching: lascivious 
bewray: exposure 
beyond: time 
bezoar: medicine 
bharal: livestock 
BHC: chemical 
Bhutan: place 
bi: double 
Bianjing: place 
Bianliang: place 
biannual: FrequencyValue 
Bianque: human 
biased: biased 
biasedly: biased 
bibcock: part 
bible: publications 
bibliographic: document 
bibliographical: document 
bibliography: document 
bibliomania: aspiration 
bibliophile: human 
bibliopole: human 
bibliopolist: human 
bibliotheca: InstitutePlace 
bibliotics: knowledge 
bibliotist: human 
bicentenary: time 
bicentennial: time 
bichloride: chemical 
bichromate: chemical 
bichrome: colored 
bicker: quarrel 
bickering: quarrel 
bicolor: colored 
bicolored: colored 
bicolour: colored 
bicoloured: colored 
bicozamycin: medicine 
bicron: Unit 
bicyclist: human 
bid: propose 
bidder: human 
biddy: bird 
bide: reside 
Biden: human 
bidirectional: DirectioningValue 
Bie: surname 
Bielefeld: place 
bier: tool 
biff: beat 
bifluoride: chemical 
bifurcate: FormChange 
bifurcation: shape 
big: important 
bigamous: fact 
bighead: fish 
bighearted: broadminded 
bight: shape 
bigmouthed: rash 
bigness: big 
bigot: human 
bigotry: disease 
bigram: part 
bigwig: human 
Bihac: place 
Bihari: language 
Bijie: place 
bijou: treasure 
bike: LandVehicle 
biker: human 
bikini: clothing 
bilabial: sound 
bilateral: AttachmentValue 
bilaterally: AttachmentValue 
bilbo: weapon 
bilestone: stone 
bilge: part 
bilharzia: disease 
bilharziasis: disease 
bilinear: FormValue 
bilingual: PropertyValue 
bilingualism: system 
bilingualist: human 
bilingually: PropertyValue 
biliousness: BadTemper 
bilirubin: part 
bilk: obstruct 
billboard: facilities 
billet: material 
billfish: fish 
billiard: fact 
Billings: place 
billion: cardinal 
billionaire: human 
billions: cardinal 
billow: water 
biluochun: drinks 
bimbo: human 
bimetallic: PropertyValue 
bimetallism: Standard 
bimillenary: time 
bimillennium: time 
binaural: euphonious 
binaurally: euphonious 
binder: tool 
binding: fasten 
binful: NounUnit 
bing: MakeSound 
Bing: surname 
binge: eat 
Binghamton: place 
bingo: fact 
Binhe: place 
Binjiang: place 
binocular: FormValue 
binoculars: tool 
binomial: expression 
Binxian: place 
bioassay: knowledge 
bioastronautics: knowledge 
bioattack: fact 
biocatalyst: medicine 
biochemical: knowledge 
biochemics: knowledge 
biochemist: human 
biochemistry: knowledge 
biochip: part 
biochronometer: Speed 
biocide: chemical 
bioclimatology: knowledge 
biocoenose: group 
biocoenosis: group 
biodefence: fact 
biodefense: fact 
biodegradability: Ability 
biodegradable: able 
biodegradation: weaken 
biodegrade: weaken 
biodiesel: material 
bioecology: knowledge 
bioelectricity: electricity 
bioenergy: Strength 
bioengineering: knowledge 
bioethics: knowledge 
biofeedback: knowledge 
biofog: CloudMist 
biofuel: material 
biogenesis: produce 
biogeny: produce 
biogeography: knowledge 
biographer: human 
biographies: text 
biography: text 
biologic: animate 
biological: animate 
biologicals: medicine 
biologics: medicine 
biologism: thinking 
biologist: human 
biology: knowledge 
biomechanics: knowledge 
biomedicine: knowledge 
biomembrane: material 
biometric: knowledge 
biometry: knowledge 
bionics: knowledge 
bionomics: knowledge 
bionomy: knowledge 
biont: animate 
biopharmacy: knowledge 
biophysicist: human 
biophysics: knowledge 
biopiracy: steal 
bioremediation: knowledge 
biosafety: Safety 
bioscience: knowledge 
biosphere: animate 
biostatistics: knowledge 
biosynthesis: produce 
biosystematics: knowledge 
biosystematy: knowledge 
biotech: knowledge 
biotechnology: knowledge 
bioterrorism: thinking 
biotic: Life 
bipartisan: community 
bipartite: DirectioningValue 
bipartizan: community 
biphase: FormValue 
biplane: aircraft 
biquadrate: expression 
biquadratic: expression 
biradial: DirectioningValue 
biradially: DirectioningValue 
birch: tree 
birchbark: ship 
birchwood: tree 
birdbrain: human 
birdcage: tool 
birdcall: sound 
birdhouse: facilities 
birdnest: gather 
birds: bird 
birdseed: physical 
birdsong: sound 
birdwatch: look 
birl: turn 
birle: turn 
birling: fact 
Birr: money 
birth: reproduce 
birthday: time 
birthmark: trace 
birthplace: place 
birthrate: Rate 
birthright: rights 
birthroot: FlowerGrass 
birthwort: FlowerGrass 
biscuit: food 
bise: wind 
bisect: separate 
bisection: separate 
bisectrix: mark 
bisexuality: SexValue 
Bishan: place 
Bishkek: place 
bishop: human 
Bislama: language 
bismuth: metal 
bisque: food 
Bissau: place 
bistable: constant 
bistro: InstitutePlace 
bisulfide: chemical 
bisulphide: chemical 
bitartrate: chemical 
bite: sting 
bitewing: tool 
bitingly: cold 
bitmap: image 
bitter: unfriendly 
bitterish: bitter 
bitterly: strong 
bittern: chemical 
bitterweed: FlowerGrass 
bittie: small 
bitty: small 
bitumen: material 
bitumenoid: FormValue 
bituminise: handle 
bituminize: handle 
bituminoid: FormValue 
bivalent: able 
bivalved: FormValue 
bivouac: reside 
Biyang: place 
biyearly: FrequencyValue 
biz: affairs 
bizarre: queer 
bizarrely: queer 
bizarreness: queer 
bize: wind 
Bk: metal 
blab: TalkNonsense 
blabber: talk 
blabbermouthed: rash 
black: part 
blackart: method 
blackbear: beast 
BlackBerry: InstitutePlace 
blackbird: bird 
blackboard: tool 
blackbody: NaturalThing 
blackbox: tool 
blackcurrant: fruit 
blacken: slander 
blackfish: beast 
blackfly: InsectWorm 
blackguardly: despicable 
blackhead: phenomena 
blackish: black 
blacklist: document 
blackmailer: human 
blackness: black 
blacksmith: human 
blacktail: beast 
blackwash: reveal 
blackwater: disease 
bladder: tool 
bladderlike: FormValue 
bladdery: FormValue 
bladelike: FormValue 
blah: text 
Blair: human 
blamable: able 
blame: result 
blameable: able 
blameful: able 
blameworthy: able 
blanch: ize 
bland: gentle 
blandish: please 
blandishment: please 
blandness: gracious 
blanks: Content 
blare: MakeSound 
blarney: text 
blase: sly 
blashole: part 
blaspheme: PlayDown 
blasphemous: impolite 
blasphemously: impolite 
blastema: part 
blastocele: part 
blastocoel: part 
blastocoele: part 
blastocoelic: part 
blastoderm: part 
blastodermatic: part 
blastodermic: part 
blastogenesis: fact 
blastogenetic: fact 
blastomere: part 
blastomeric: part 
blastomycosis: disease 
blastomycotic: disease 
blastopore: part 
blastoporic: part 
blastospheric: part 
blastula: part 
blastular: part 
blat: speak 
blatant: ungracious 
blather: TalkNonsense 
blaze: SelfMove 
blazer: clothing 
blazon: decorate 
bleach: AlterColor 
bleacher: human 
bleachers: facilities 
bleak: desolate 
bleary: blurred 
bleat: sound 
bleb: phenomena 
bleeder: human 
bleeding: bleed 
bleep: LookFor 
blench: ize 
blending: method 
blepharitis: disease 
bless: SayHello 
blessedness: Living 
BLEVE: fact 
blight: disease 
blighted: empty 
blighter: human 
blindage: facilities 
blinder: tool 
blindfish: fish 
blindfold: cover 
blinding: bright 
blindly: FuncWord 
blindness: Cautiousness 
blindside: attack 
blinker: tool 
bliss: Living 
blissfulness: happy 
blister: swollen 
blithe: joyful 
blither: TalkNonsense 
blithesome: joyful 
blitzkrieg: fact 
blizzard: RainSnow 
bloated: swollen 
blob: pollute 
bloc: community 
blockade: obstruct 
blockage: obstruct 
blockchain: knowledge 
blockhead: human 
blockheaded: foolish 
blockhouse: facilities 
blog: human 
blogger: human 
Blois: place 
bloke: human 
bloodclot: part 
bloodhound: livestock 
bloodily: strong 
bloodless: BehaviorValue 
bloodlessly: BehaviorValue 
bloodline: Lineage 
bloodlust: fierce 
bloodmobile: LandVehicle 
bloodshed: kill 
bloodstained: AppearanceValue 
bloodstone: stone 
bloodstream: fact 
bloodsucker: human 
bloodsucking: fierce 
bloodthirstiness: fierce 
bloodthirsty: fierce 
bloom: time 
bloomer: result 
blooper: result 
blossom: time 
blossoming: time 
blotch: trace 
blotto: dizzy 
blouse: clothing 
bloviate: speak 
blowdryer: tool 
blowhard: human 
blowhole: facilities 
blowholes: location 
blowlamp: tool 
blowout: fact 
blowpipe: tool 
blowtorch: tool 
blowtube: tool 
blowup: sound 
blub: weep 
blubber: part 
bluderbuss: weapon 
blue: sad 
bluebeard: plant 
bluebells: FlowerGrass 
blueberry: fruit 
bluefish: fish 
blueish: blue 
bluejacket: human 
blueness: blue 
blueprint: text 
blues: music 
bluetongue: disease 
bluff: part 
bluffer: human 
bluffly: frank 
bluffness: frank 
bluish: blue 
blunder: result 
blunderbuss: weapon 
blunderer: human 
bluntly: frank 
bluntness: blunt 
bluprint: image 
blurred: blurred 
blurriness: blurred 
blush: shy 
blushing: shy 
bluster: MakeSound 
blusterous: wind 
blusters: fittings 
blustery: wind 
Blvd: route 
BMI: symbol 
BMO: InstitutePlace 
BMR: Rate 
boa: beast 
Boao: place 
boar: livestock 
board: wood 
boarder: human 
boarding: fact 
boarfish: fish 
boaster: human 
boastful: flighty 
boater: human 
boatman: human 
boatrace: fact 
boatswain: human 
Bobai: place 
bobbin: tool 
bobble: damage 
bobby: human 
bobsleigh: tool 
Bochum: place 
bod: part 
bode: mean 
bodge: damage 
bodhi: Behavior 
Bodhisattva: humanized 
bodybuilder: human 
bodybuilding: fact 
bodyguard: human 
bodypaint: draw 
bodypainting: image 
boeuf: food 
boffo: flourishing 
bogeyman: humanized 
boggle: hesitate 
boggy: soft 
bogie: tool 
Bogota: place 
bogus: fake 
bogy: aircraft 
Bohei: place 
Bohemia: place 
Bohemian: place 
boil: StateChange 
boilerplate: example 
Boise: place 
bold: strong 
boldface: Pattern 
boldly: brave 
boldness: Courage 
Bole: place 
boletus: AlgaeFungi 
Boli: place 
Bolivar: money 
bolivar: Unit 
Bolivia: place 
Boliviano: money 
boll: part 
bollard: facilities 
bollix: damage 
bollocks: damage 
bollworm: InsectWorm 
bolograph: InfoElement 
bolographic: InfoElement 
bolometer: tool 
bolometric: tool 
Bolshevik: human 
bolshevise: ize 
Bolshevism: system 
Bolshevist: human 
Bolshevistic: human 
bolshevize: ize 
bolt: tool 
boltupright: straight 
bomb: weapon 
bombard: firing 
bombardier: human 
Bombardier: InstitutePlace 
bombardment: firing 
bombast: text 
bombastic: flighty 
bombastically: flighty 
Bombay: place 
bombilate: MakeSound 
bombinate: MakeSound 
bombproof: able 
bonanza: Circumstances 
bondage: restrain 
bonderise: apply 
bonderize: apply 
bondholder: human 
bondmaid: human 
bondman: human 
bonds: tool 
bondswoman: human 
bondwoman: human 
boneheaded: foolish 
bonelike: FormValue 
boner: result 
bonesetter: human 
boney: bony 
bonfire: fire 
bong: MakeSound 
bonhomie: amiable 
boniness: bony 
bonito: fish 
bonk: mating 
Bonn: place 
bonnet: tool 
bonnie: beautiful 
bonny: beautiful 
bonus: payment 
bony: bony 
bonyness: bony 
boo: sound 
boob: part 
booby: human 
boobytrap: weapon 
boogeyman: humanized 
boogie: shows 
booing: sound 
book: record 
bookbindery: part 
bookbinding: fasten 
bookcase: tool 
bookclub: InstitutePlace 
bookdealer: human 
booker: human 
bookie: human 
booking: buy 
bookish: stubborn 
bookishly: stiff 
bookishness: stiff 
bookkeeper: human 
bookkeeping: fact 
booklet: publications 
booklist: readings 
booklouse: InsectWorm 
booklover: human 
bookmarker: tool 
books: publications 
bookseller: human 
bookshelf: tool 
bookshop: InstitutePlace 
bookstall: InstitutePlace 
bookstand: InstitutePlace 
bookstore: InstitutePlace 
bookworship: stiff 
boomer: human 
booming: flourishing 
boomlet: fact 
boomtown: place 
boor: human 
boorish: vulgar 
boorishly: vulgar 
boorishness: fierce 
boost: urge 
booster: part 
boot: transmit 
bootblack: human 
bootee: clothing 
bootees: clothing 
bootie: clothing 
booting: pregnant 
bootleg: transport 
bootlegging: transport 
bootlick: please 
bootmaker: human 
boots: clothing 
bootstrap: MakeBetter 
boozing: drink 
bop: beat 
borage: vegetable 
borax: material 
borborygmus: phenomena 
Bordeaux: place 
bordeaux: red 
bordello: InstitutePlace 
border: part 
bordereau: document 
borderer: human 
borderline: part 
bored: disgust 
boredom: disgust 
borehole: part 
borer: tool 
boric: PropertyValue 
boring: part 
boringness: boring 
Borneo: place 
borneol: medicine 
boron: chemical 
borough: place 
borrower: human 
borsch: food 
borscht: food 
borsh: food 
borshch: food 
borsht: food 
bortsch: food 
boschbok: beast 
bosh: text 
Boshang: surname 
bosomy: beautiful 
bossiness: autocratic 
bossy: autocratic 
Boston: place 
botanic: knowledge 
botanical: knowledge 
botanise: research 
botanist: human 
botanize: research 
botany: knowledge 
botargo: food 
botch: result 
botcher: human 
bother: upset 
botheration: emotion 
Botswana: place 
Botswanan: RelatingToCountry 
bottle: tool 
bottled: PackingValue 
bottlefeed: feed 
bottleful: NounUnit 
bottleneck: phenomena 
bottom: Status 
bottomless: deep 
botulinum: bacteria 
botulinus: bacteria 
botulism: disease 
boudoir: room 
bouffe: shows 
boulder: stone 
bouldered: AttachmentValue 
bouldery: AttachmentValue 
bounce: jump 
bouncy: flexible 
boundedness: Amount 
boundless: wide 
boundlessness: extensive 
bounds: Boundary 
bounteous: rich 
bountifulness: many 
bouquet: FlowerGrass 
bourgeois: human 
bourgeoisie: community 
bourgeon: reproduce 
Bourges: place 
bourgogne: place 
Bournemouth: place 
bouse: pull 
bout: ActUnit 
boutique: InstitutePlace 
bowdlerisation: MakeBetter 
bowdlerise: MakeBetter 
bowdlerization: MakeBetter 
bowdlerize: MakeBetter 
bowed: part 
bowel: part 
bower: surround 
bowknot: shape 
bowlder: stone 
bowleg: part 
bowlegged: part 
bowlful: NounUnit 
bowling: fact 
bowman: human 
bowse: pull 
bowstring: part 
bowtie: fittings 
boxcar: LandVehicle 
boxed: PackingValue 
Boxers: community 
boxful: NounUnit 
boxing: fact 
boy: human 
boycott: obstruct 
boyfriend: human 
bozo: human 
BPH: disease 
bpi: NounUnit 
Br: chemical 
bra: clothing 
brabble: quarrel 
brace: tool 
brachiate: wave 
brachium: part 
bracken: FlowerGrass 
bracket: write 
brad: fix 
Bradford: place 
bradycardia: disease 
braggart: human 
bragger: human 
brahman: human 
Brahmaputra: waters 
brahmin: human 
Brahms: human 
braid: weave 
braille: character 
braincase: part 
brainchild: thought 
brainpan: part 
brainpower: Ability 
brainstem: part 
brainstorm: discuss 
braintrust: community 
brainwash: force 
brainwave: phenomena 
brainworker: human 
brainy: wise 
braise: cook 
brake: TurnOff 
brakeman: human 
braless: become 
brambles: tree 
brambling: bird 
branch: part 
branchia: part 
branchiate: own 
branching: FormChange 
branchy: FormChange 
Brandenburg: place 
brandish: shake 
brandy: alcohol 
brant: bird 
Brasilia: place 
brass: metal 
brassiere: clothing 
brattle: MakeSound 
Braunschweig: place 
bravado: frighten 
bravely: brave 
braveness: Courage 
bravery: Courage 
bravo: sound 
brawl: fact 
brawler: human 
brawn: Strength 
brawny: sturdy 
braze: fasten 
brazenly: shameless 
brazenness: shameless 
brazier: tool 
Brazil: place 
Brazzaville: place 
brazzein: material 
bread: food 
breadbox: tool 
breadcrumb: part 
breadfruit: fruit 
breadline: community 
breadstick: food 
breadstuff: material 
breadthways: horizontal 
breadthwise: horizontal 
breadwinner: human 
breakaway: withdraw 
breakdown: phenomena 
breaker: water 
breakers: water 
breakfast: fact 
breaklunch: fact 
breakout: flee 
breakpoint: location 
breakthough: important 
breakthrough: location 
breakwater: facilities 
bream: fish 
breast: part 
breastbone: part 
breastplate: tool 
breasts: part 
breaststroke: fact 
breastwork: facilities 
breathability: Performance 
breathable: stuffy 
breathalyse: measure 
breathalyser: tool 
breathalyze: measure 
breathalyzer: tool 
breathless: pant 
breathlessly: PropertyValue 
breathtaking: able 
breccia: stone 
breech: part 
breechcloth: tool 
breeches: clothing 
breed: ResultIn 
breeze: wind 
breeziness: BehaviorValue 
bregma: part 
Bremen: place 
Bremerhaven: place 
brent: bird 
Brest: place 
brethren: human 
Breton: language 
brevet: upgrade 
brevity: TimeShort 
brewage: alcohol 
brewery: InstitutePlace 
Brexit: withdraw 
briary: FormValue 
briber: human 
BRIC: place 
brick: material 
brickfield: facilities 
brickkiln: facilities 
bricklayer: human 
bricklaying: fact 
brickle: easy 
brickwork: fact 
brickyard: facilities 
bricole: machine 
Brics: place 
bridal: fact 
bride: human 
bridecake: food 
bridegroom: human 
bridesmaid: human 
bridge: part 
bridgehead: place 
Bridgetown: place 
brie: food 
brief: TimeShort 
briefcase: tool 
briefly: concise 
briefs: clothing 
brier: FlowerGrass 
briery: FormValue 
brigadier: human 
brigand: human 
brightener: material 
Brighton: place 
brill: fish 
brilliance: lights 
brilliant: wise 
brine: water 
bring: bring 
brinkmanship: regulation 
brio: Life 
briquet: material 
briquette: material 
Brisbane: place 
brisken: flourishing 
briskly: nimble 
briskness: active 
bristled: FormValue 
bristly: FormValue 
Bristol: place 
Brit: human 
British: RelatingToCountry 
Britisher: human 
Briton: human 
brittle: food 
brittleness: Hardness 
Brno: place 
broach: discuss 
broad: wide 
broadband: facilities 
broadbased: broad 
broadcaster: human 
broaden: AlterForm 
broadleaf: part 
broadminded: broadminded 
broadness: broad 
broadsheet: text 
broadsword: tool 
Broadway: route 
brocade: material 
brochiectasis: disease 
brochure: publications 
broider: fasten 
broil: cook 
brokenheartedness: sorrowful 
brokerage: affairs 
bromate: ize 
bromid: text 
brominate: ize 
bromine: chemical 
bronchial: part 
bronchiectasis: disease 
bronchiolitis: disease 
bronchitis: disease 
bronchopneumonia: disease 
bronchoscopy: fact 
bronchospasm: phenomena 
bronchus: part 
brondcast: frighten 
brooch: tool 
brood: reproduce 
brooder: tool 
broody: think 
Brooklyn: place 
broom: tool 
broomrape: FlowerGrass 
broomstick: part 
broth: food 
brothel: InstitutePlace 
brother: human 
Brotherhood: community 
brotherlike: intimate 
brotherly: intimate 
brougham: LandVehicle 
browbeat: frighten 
brownie: food 
Browning: human 
brownish: brown 
brownout: phenomena 
brows: part 
browser: tool 
brucellosis: disease 
brucine: chemical 
bruit: forge 
Brunei: place 
Bruneian: RelatingToCountry 
Brunswick: place 
brunt: attack 
brushwood: tree 
brusquely: frank 
brusqueness: rash 
Brussels: place 
brutal: fierce 
brutalisation: ize 
brutalise: ize 
brutalization: ize 
brutalize: ize 
brutally: fierce 
brute: livestock 
brutishly: fierce 
bryophyte: AlgaeFungi 
bryozoan: AlgaeFungi 
BSE: disease 
Bu: surname 
bubble: StomachTrouble 
bubbly: sturdy 
bubo: medicine 
buccaneer: human 
Bucharest: place 
Bucharesti: place 
buck: jump 
buckaroo: human 
buckeroo: human 
bucket: tool 
bucketful: NounUnit 
Buckeye: human 
buckeye: tree 
Buckingham: institution 
bucko: human 
buckram: ize 
bucktooth: part 
buckwheat: crop 
bucolic: BestQuality 
Bucuresti: place 
bud: reproduce 
Budapest: place 
Buddhist: human 
buddies: human 
buddy: human 
budge: alter 
budgereegah: bird 
budgerigar: bird 
budgerygah: bird 
budgetary: plans 
budgie: bird 
buff: human 
buffalo: livestock 
Buffalo: place 
buffer: weaken 
buffing: AlterBrightness 
buffoon: human 
bug: tool 
bugbear: humanized 
bugger: mating 
buggery: mating 
bugle: recreation 
bugloss: FlowerGrass 
builder: human 
buildings: building 
buildup: grow 
buirdly: sturdy 
Bujumbura: place 
bulblike: round 
bulbul: bird 
Bulgaria: place 
Bulgarian: RelatingToCountry 
bulgy: protruding 
bulk: many 
bulkiness: many 
bulky: widediameter 
bull: livestock 
bulla: tool 
bullbrier: FlowerGrass 
bulldoze: frighten 
bulldozer: LandVehicle 
bulletproof: able 
bullfight: fact 
bullfighter: human 
bullfrog: beast 
bullheaded: stubborn 
bullheadedness: Obstinacy 
bullhorn: tool 
bullock: livestock 
bullpen: InstitutePlace 
bullshit: TalkNonsense 
bullwhip: beat 
bully: human 
bullying: fact 
bulwark: facilities 
bumble: damage 
bumblebee: InsectWorm 
bumbler: human 
bumper: part 
bumpkin: human 
bumpkinly: uncouth 
bumptious: arrogant 
bun: part 
buna: material 
bunch: wrap 
bunco: cheat 
Bund: place 
Bundesbank: InstitutePlace 
bundle: wrap 
bundling: sell 
bung: part 
bungalow: house 
bungler: human 
bunglesome: cumbersome 
bungling: NotQuick 
bunk: location 
bunt: bump 
bunting: tool 
buoy: mark 
buoyance: Strength 
buoyancy: BehaviorValue 
buoyant: joyful 
bur: part 
Burberry: InstitutePlace 
burble: MakeSound 
burbot: fish 
bureaucracy: system 
bureaucrat: human 
bureaucratism: system 
burette: tool 
burgeon: reproduce 
burgeoning: flourishing 
burger: food 
burgher: human 
burglar: human 
burglarize: steal 
burglary: steal 
burgle: steal 
burgoo: food 
Burgundy: place 
burial: fact 
burin: tool 
burke: evade 
burl: part 
burlap: material 
burlesque: shows 
burly: sturdy 
Burma: place 
burn: sting 
burnable: able 
burner: tool 
burnish: AlterBrightness 
burr: shape 
burred: FormValue 
burrow: part 
burry: FormValue 
bursa: part 
bursar: human 
bursary: fund 
bursitis: disease 
burst: phenomena 
burthen: bear 
Burundi: place 
Burundian: RelatingToCountry 
bury: hide 
busboy: human 
Bush: human 
bush: tree 
bushbuck: beast 
bushel: repair 
Bushido: Behavior 
bushmaster: beast 
bushwhack: hide 
busily: busy 
business: community 
businessman: human 
businessmen: human 
businessperson: human 
businesswoman: human 
busload: Amount 
buss: ShowLove 
bustard: bird 
buster: human 
busty: beautiful 
busybody: human 
but: FuncWord 
butadiene: chemical 
butane: chemical 
butcher: kill 
butchery: InstitutePlace 
butler: human 
butobarbitone: medicine 
butt: part 
butter: material 
buttercup: FlowerGrass 
butterfat: material 
butterfish: fish 
butterfly: InsectWorm 
buttermilk: drinks 
buttery: InstitutePlace 
buttock: part 
buttocks: part 
button: part 
buttonhole: fittings 
buttress: PropUp 
buttweld: fasten 
butylate: ize 
butylene: chemical 
Buxaceae: tree 
buyback: buy 
buyer: human 
buzzard: bird 
buzzer: tool 
buzzword: expression 
BW: fact 
bwr: facilities 
by: FuncWord 
BYD: publications 
bye: expression 
Byelarus: place 
Byelorussia: place 
bygone: past 
bygones: fact 
bylaw: law 
byname: Name 
bypast: past 
bypath: route 
byproduct: artifact 
byroad: route 
Byron: human 
byssus: part 
bystander: human 
byte: Unit 
Byzantine: place 
Byzantium: place 
Ca: metal 
ca: sound 
cab: LandVehicle 
CAB: part 
cab: part 
cabal: plans 
cabana: house 
cabaret: InstitutePlace 
cabbage: vegetable 
cabbie: human 
cabby: human 
cabdriver: human 
CABG: fact 
cabin: room 
cabinetmaker: human 
cable: transmit 
cablegram: letter 
cableway: route 
cabman: human 
cabstand: facilities 
cachexia: Physique 
cachexy: Physique 
cachinnate: laugh 
cackel: MakeSound 
cackle: speak 
cacodaemon: humanized 
cacodaemonic: humanized 
cacodemon: humanized 
cacodemonic: humanized 
cacogenics: knowledge 
cacography: write 
cacophonic: euphonious 
cacophonous: euphonious 
cactus: FlowerGrass 
cadaver: part 
cadaveric: part 
cadaverous: part 
caddish: vulgar 
cadence: Pattern 
cadet: human 
cadmium: metal 
cadre: human 
caduceus: tool 
caecum: part 
Caen: place 
Caerarfon: place 
caesarean: fact 
caesarian: fact 
Caesarism: system 
caesium: metal 
caestus: fittings 
caesura: sound 
cafe: InstitutePlace 
cafeteria: InstitutePlace 
caffein: chemical 
caffeine: chemical 
caffeinic: own 
cageling: bird 
cager: human 
cagey: cautious 
cagily: cautious 
caginess: cautious 
cagy: cautious 
Cai: surname 
Cairo: place 
cajole: entice 
cajolery: please 
cajolingly: PropertyValue 
cakes: food 
cakewalk: fact 
Calais: place 
calamitous: miserable 
calamitously: miserable 
calamity: mishap 
calamus: FlowerGrass 
calash: part 
calathus: tool 
calcaneum: part 
calcaneus: part 
calcareous: own 
calceiform: FormValue 
calcicolous: own 
calciferous: own 
calcific: ize 
calcification: ize 
calcifugous: ize 
calcify: ize 
calcimine: apply 
calcinate: burn 
calcination: burn 
calcine: burn 
calcite: inanimate 
calcitic: inanimate 
calcium: metal 
calculable: able 
calculate: plan 
calculated: plan 
calculatingly: clever 
calculation: plans 
calculative: miser 
calculator: tool 
calculous: stone 
Calcutta: place 
caldarium: room 
caldron: tool 
calefacient: able 
calefactive: produce 
calefactory: produce 
calendar: tool 
calender: AlterForm 
calendric: time 
calendrical: time 
calf: part 
Calgary: place 
caliber: Fineness 
calibrate: check 
calibration: check 
calibre: Fineness 
calico: material 
California: place 
Californian: human 
californium: metal 
caliginous: dark 
caliper: measure 
calipers: tool 
caliphate: system 
calisthenic: fact 
calisthenics: fact 
calix: tool 
calk: separate 
calla: FlowerGrass 
callathump: recreation 
callback: TakeBack 
called: undergo 
callet: human 
calligraph: write 
calligrapher: human 
calligraphist: human 
calligraphy: method 
calliopsis: FlowerGrass 
calliper: measure 
callipers: tool 
callisthenics: fact 
callithump: recreation 
callosity: part 
callous: fierce 
callously: fierce 
callowness: naif 
callus: part 
caloric: Heat 
calorie: Unit 
calorifacient: able 
calorific: able 
calorimetric: measure 
calorimetry: fact 
calumination: slander 
calumniate: slander 
calumniation: slander 
calumniatory: FriendlinessValue 
calumnious: FriendlinessValue 
calvaria: part 
calve: reproduce 
calx: stone 
calyx: part 
cam: part 
camaraderie: emotion 
camarilla: community 
cambium: part 
Cambodia: place 
cambric: material 
Cambridge: InstitutePlace 
camcorder: tool 
camel: beast 
Camelopardalids: celestial 
camembert: food 
camera: tool 
Cameron: human 
Cameroon: place 
Cameroonian: RelatingToCountry 
camisole: clothing 
camlet: material 
camomile: FlowerGrass 
Camorra: community 
camouflage: pretend 
campaign: fact 
campaigner: human 
campaigning: fact 
campanile: facilities 
camper: human 
campground: place 
camphane: chemical 
camphor: material 
camphorate: ize 
camphorwood: wood 
campong: place 
campsite: place 
campstool: furniture 
campus: part 
CAMS: InstitutePlace 
Canada: place 
Canadien: human 
canaliculus: part 
canalisation: ResultIn 
canalise: ResultIn 
canalization: ResultIn 
canalize: ResultIn 
canape: food 
canary: yellow 
Canberra: place 
cancan: shows 
cancel: remove 
cancellation: remove 
cancelment: remove 
cancer: disease 
Cancer: KindValue 
canceration: become 
cancerise: ize 
cancerize: ize 
cancerogenic: able 
cancerous: disease 
cancroid: disease 
Cancun: place 
candela: Unit 
candelabrum: tool 
candid: frank 
candida: bacteria 
candidacy: fact 
candidal: bacteria 
candidate: human 
candidature: fact 
candidly: frank 
candidness: Frankness 
candlefish: fish 
candlelight: lights 
candlestick: tool 
candlewick: part 
candor: Frankness 
candyfloss: food 
candymaker: human 
canesten: medicine 
canful: NounUnit 
Cang: surname 
cangue: tool 
Cangwu: place 
Cangxian: place 
Cangzhou: place 
canicule: time 
canine: livestock 
canna: FlowerGrass 
cannabis: medicine 
canned: PackingValue 
cannibal: human 
cannibalise: eat 
cannibalistic: fierce 
cannibalize: eat 
cannily: clever 
cannon: weapon 
cannonade: firing 
cannula: tool 
cannular: FormValue 
cannulate: insert 
cannulation: insert 
cannulisation: insert 
cannulise: insert 
cannulization: insert 
cannulize: insert 
canoe: ship 
canoeing: fact 
canoeist: human 
canola: part 
canon: publications 
canonic: qualified 
canonical: qualified 
canonisation: ize 
canonise: ize 
canonist: human 
canonization: ize 
canonize: ize 
canoodle: stroke 
Canopus: celestial 
canopy: tool 
cant: tilt 
cantaloup: fruit 
cantankerous: BadTemper 
cantata: music 
canter: run 
cantharides: InsectWorm 
canthus: part 
cantillate: recite 
canton: place 
cantonese: language 
canulate: insert 
canulisation: insert 
canulization: insert 
canvasser: human 
canyon: land 
canzone: music 
Cao: surname 
caoutchouc: material 
capabilities: Strength 
capableness: Ability 
capably: qualified 
capaciousness: Size 
capacitance: Ability 
capacitate: ize 
capacitive: Ability 
capacitor: physical 
caparison: decorate 
cape: land 
caper: recreation 
capercaillie: bird 
capers: fruit 
Capetown: place 
CapeVerdean: RelatingToCountry 
capful: NounUnit 
capital: symbol 
capitalisation: write 
capitalise: write 
capitalism: system 
capitation: expenditure 
capitol: institution 
capitulate: surrender 
capitulation: surrender 
capitulationism: thinking 
capitulators: human 
capitulum: part 
capon: bird 
caponise: remove 
caponize: remove 
cappuccino: drinks 
capriccio: music 
caprice: emotion 
capriciously: rash 
capriciousness: rash 
Capricorn: KindValue 
capsicum: plant 
capsid: bacteria 
capsize: reverse 
capsizing: mishap 
capstan: tool 
capstone: part 
capsulate: load 
capsulation: load 
capsulise: load 
capsulize: load 
captain: human 
captaincy: Occupation 
captainship: Occupation 
caption: text 
captious: PropertyValue 
captiously: PropertyValue 
captivity: detain 
captor: human 
capture: occupy 
capuccino: drinks 
caput: part 
car: LandVehicle 
carabin: weapon 
carabiniere: human 
Caracas: place 
carambola: fruit 
caramel: food 
caramelise: ize 
caramelize: ize 
carane: chemical 
carapace: part 
carat: Unit 
caravansary: InstitutePlace 
caravanserai: InstitutePlace 
carbamide: material 
carbide: chemical 
carbine: weapon 
carbohydrate: chemical 
carbon: chemical 
carbonado: material 
carbonate: chemical 
carbonic: chemical 
carbonisation: ize 
carbonise: ize 
carbonitride: chemical 
carbonization: ize 
carbonize: ize 
carbonyl: part 
carbonylic: part 
carboxyl: part 
carboxylic: chemical 
carbuncle: disease 
carburant: chemical 
carburet: ize 
carburetant: chemical 
carburettor: part 
carburise: ize 
carburization: ize 
carburize: ize 
carbylamine: chemical 
carcass: part 
Carcassonne: place 
carcinogen: physical 
carcinogenesis: physical 
carcinogenic: able 
carcinogenicity: physical 
carcinoid: disease 
carcinoma: disease 
card: tool 
cardboard: material 
cardholder: human 
cardia: part 
cardiac: part 
cardiacal: part 
cardiectomy: fact 
Cardiff: place 
cardigan: clothing 
cardinalship: Status 
carding: interrogate 
cardiodynia: phenomena 
cardiogram: image 
cardiograph: tool 
cardiographic: fact 
cardiography: fact 
cardiologic: knowledge 
cardiologist: human 
cardiology: knowledge 
cardiomegaly: phenomena 
cardiopathy: disease 
cardiopulmonary: part 
cardiorespiratory: part 
cardiospasm: phenomena 
cardiotonic: medicine 
cardiovascular: part 
cardmom: FlowerGrass 
cardoon: FlowerGrass 
cardsharp: human 
careen: walk 
career: SelfMove 
careerism: aspiration 
careerist: human 
carefreeness: optimistic 
careless: careless 
carelessly: careless 
carelessness: careless 
caress: stroke 
caressingly: PropertyValue 
caretaker: human 
careworn: suffer 
carfare: expenditure 
carful: NounUnit 
cargo: artifact 
carhop: human 
Caribbean: waters 
caribou: beast 
caricaturist: human 
carina: part 
caring: benevolent 
carjack: control 
cark: MakeWorried 
Carlisle: place 
Carmarthen: place 
carmine: red 
carnage: fact 
carnal: lascivious 
carnalise: entice 
carnality: lascivious 
carnalize: entice 
carnify: FormChange 
carnival: fact 
carnivore: animal 
carnivorous: HabitValue 
carny: entice 
carob: tree 
carol: text 
Carolinian: human 
carom: bump 
caroms: SportTool 
carotene: medicine 
carotid: part 
carousal: drink 
carp: fish 
carpal: part 
carpenter: human 
carpentry: affairs 
carper: human 
carpogonium: part 
carpooler: human 
carpooling: use 
carport: facilities 
carpus: part 
carrefour: part 
carriage: transport 
carrier: weapon 
carrottop: human 
carry: transport 
carryall: tool 
carrycot: furniture 
cars: LandVehicle 
carsharing: use 
carsickness: dizzy 
cart: LandVehicle 
carte: document 
cartel: community 
carter: human 
Carter: human 
cartilage: part 
cartload: NounUnit 
cartography: draw 
cartonful: NounUnit 
cartoonist: human 
cartouch: weapon 
cartouche: weapon 
cartridge: weapon 
cartwright: human 
carve: carve 
carver: human 
carving: image 
caryatid: part 
caryopsis: part 
CAS: InstitutePlace 
casaba: fruit 
Casablanca: place 
case: tool 
caseate: ize 
casebook: publications 
caseful: NounUnit 
caseload: Amount 
casement: part 
cashew: tree 
casino: InstitutePlace 
cask: tool 
casket: tool 
caskful: NounUnit 
Casper: place 
Cassandra: humanized 
cassation: remove 
cassava: fruit 
casserole: tool 
cassette: tool 
cassino: InstitutePlace 
Cassiopeia: celestial 
cassiopeium: CoveringValue 
cassock: clothing 
cassowary: bird 
castaway: human 
caste: Status 
castigation: ExpressAgainst 
castle: facilities 
castor: tool 
castrate: remove 
castration: remove 
castrato: human 
Castro: human 
casual: unintentional 
casualty: mishap 
cat: livestock 
catabasis: GoDown 
catabatic: GoDown 
catabolise: separate 
catabolite: physical 
catabolitic: separate 
catabolize: separate 
cataclasis: fact 
cataclasm: fact 
cataclastic: fact 
cataclysm: mishap 
cataclysmal: miserable 
cataclysmic: miserable 
catacorner: location 
catalase: part 
catalepsy: disease 
catalo: livestock 
catalpa: tree 
catalyse: SpeedUp 
catalyst: chemical 
catalytic: SpeedUp 
catalytically: PropertyValue 
catalyze: SpeedUp 
catamaran: ship 
catamenia: part 
catamount: beast 
catamountain: beast 
cataphoresis: phenomena 
cataphract: tool 
cataplasm: medicine 
catarrh: disease 
catastrophe: mishap 
catastrophic: miserable 
catastrophically: miserable 
catatonia: disease 
catbrier: FlowerGrass 
catcall: sound 
catch: suffer 
catchphrase: expression 
catchword: expression 
catechise: interrogate 
catechize: interrogate 
categorial: Kind 
categorisation: classify 
categorise: classify 
categorization: classify 
categorize: classify 
category: Kind 
catena: connect 
catenary: material 
catenate: connect 
catenation: connect 
catenulate: connect 
cater: prepare 
catercorner: location 
catering: affairs 
caterpillar: PatternValue 
caterwaul: cry 
catfish: fish 
catgut: tool 
cathartic: medicine 
cathect: CauseToLive 
cathedral: InstitutePlace 
catheter: tool 
catheterisation: insert 
catheterise: insert 
catheterization: insert 
catheterize: insert 
cathetometer: tool 
cathexis: attentive 
cathode: part 
Catholic: human 
catholic: knowledge 
catholicise: CauseToBe 
catholicize: CauseToBe 
cathouse: InstitutePlace 
cation: part 
catkin: part 
catoptric: illuminate 
catsup: material 
cattalo: livestock 
cattie: Unit 
cattle: livestock 
cattlehide: part 
cattleya: FlowerGrass 
catty: Unit 
caucasia: place 
Caucasus: place 
caucus: fact 
caudal: part 
caudally: part 
caudex: part 
cauldron: tool 
caulis: part 
caulk: separate 
caulome: part 
causa: cause 
causable: possible 
causal: cause 
causalgia: phenomena 
causality: Pertinence 
causally: reasonable 
causation: ResultIn 
causeless: fake 
causerie: text 
causeway: part 
caustic: unfriendly 
caustically: unfriendly 
cauterisation: fact 
cauterise: burn 
cauterization: fact 
cauterize: burn 
cautery: fact 
cautious: cautious 
cautiously: cautious 
cautiousness: cautious 
cavalier: human 
cavalry: part 
cavalryman: human 
cavatina: music 
cave: part 
caveat: cautious 
cavefish: fish 
caveman: human 
cavernous: upmove 
cavetto: part 
caviar: food 
caviare: food 
cavil: estimate 
cavitation: fact 
cavity: shape 
cavy: beast 
caw: cry 
CBD: part 
CBP: institution 
CBRC: institution 
CBS: institution 
CCD: disease 
CCPIT: institution 
CCTV: institution 
Cd: metal 
CD: tool 
CDMA: knowledge 
CDPF: community 
Ce: metal 
CEA: part 
cease: finish 
ceasefire: cease 
ceaselessly: interrupted 
ceaselessness: interrupted 
Cebu: place 
CECF: InstitutePlace 
cecum: part 
cedar: tree 
cedarbird: bird 
cede: abandon 
Cedi: money 
ceilometer: tool 
celadon: material 
Celebes: place 
celebrate: congratulate 
celebrated: famous 
celebrities: human 
celebrity: human 
celerity: nimble 
celibacy: unmarried 
celibate: human 
celiocentesis: fact 
celioscope: tool 
celioscopy: fact 
cell: tool 
cella: room 
cellar: facilities 
cellblock: part 
Celle: place 
cellist: human 
cello: MusicTool 
cellophane: material 
cellphone: tool 
cellular: part 
cellulitis: disease 
celluloid: material 
cellulose: chemical 
Celsius: Standard 
Celtic: human 
celtium: metal 
cemetery: facilities 
Cen: surname 
cense: spread 
censer: tool 
censoring: check 
censorship: check 
censurable: able 
census: fact 
cental: Unit 
CENTCOM: part 
centenarian: human 
centenary: time 
centennial: time 
center: PayAttention 
centered: collective 
centerfield: location 
centerfold: part 
centerpiece: InstitutePlace 
centesis: stab 
centigrade: Standard 
centiliter: Unit 
centilitre: Unit 
centimeter: Unit 
centimetre: Unit 
centimilligram: Unit 
centimillimetre: Unit 
centipede: InsectWorm 
centner: Unit 
centralisation: ize 
centralise: ize 
centralization: Power 
centralize: ize 
centrefold: part 
centric: location 
centrical: location 
centrifugal: DirectioningValue 
centrifugate: separate 
centripetal: internal 
centrist: human 
centrosphere: part 
centrosymmetric: symmetrical 
centrum: part 
centuries: time 
centurium: MusicTool 
CEO: human 
cephalalgia: phenomena 
cephalometry: fact 
cephalosporin: medicine 
cephalothorax: part 
Cepheus: celestial 
ceramic: material 
ceramicist: human 
ceratin: part 
cercaria: InsectWorm 
cercus: part 
cere: wrap 
cerebellar: part 
cerebellum: part 
cerebral: part 
cerebrospinal: part 
cerebrovascular: part 
cerebrum: part 
cerecloth: material 
cerements: clothing 
ceremonial: fact 
ceremonious: stately 
ceremoniously: stately 
ceremony: fact 
ceriman: fruit 
cerise: red 
cerium: metal 
certain: true 
certainly: FuncWord 
certificate: document 
certification: document 
certitude: believe 
cerulean: blue 
cerumen: excrement 
cerussite: stone 
cervicitis: disease 
cervix: part 
CES: fact 
cesarean: fact 
cesarian: fact 
cesium: metal 
cession: abandon 
cestode: InsectWorm 
cesura: Pattern 
cetchup: material 
cetofenicol: medicine 
cf: expression 
Cf: metal 
CFAF: money 
CFIC: disease 
CFO: human 
cgs: regulation 
Chabuchaer: place 
Chad: place 
Chadian: RelatingToCountry 
chaeta: part 
chafe: rub 
chaff: waste 
chaffcutter: tool 
chaffer: discuss 
chagrin: disappointed 
Chai: surname 
chains: tool 
chainsaw: tool 
chair: manage 
chairman: human 
chairmanship: Occupation 
chairperson: human 
chaise: LandVehicle 
chalaza: part 
chalcocite: stone 
chalcopyrite: stone 
chalice: tool 
chalkstone: stone 
challah: food 
challenger: human 
chalutz: human 
chamber: room 
chamberlain: human 
chamberpot: tool 
Chambery: place 
chamfer: part 
chamfron: tool 
chammy: part 
chamois: part 
chamomile: FlowerGrass 
champagne: alcohol 
champerty: accuse 
championships: fact 
chance: venture 
chanceful: dangerous 
chancellorship: Occupation 
chancy: dangerous 
chandelier: tool 
chandelle: GoUp 
Chanel: Name 
chanfron: tool 
Chang: surname 
Changchun: place 
Changde: place 
change: TakeVehicle 
changeable: changeable 
changeably: changeable 
changeless: impossible 
changeling: human 
changes: fact 
Changfeng: place 
Changhua: place 
changing: changeable 
Changping: place 
Changsha: place 
Changshu: place 
Changtu: place 
Changzhi: place 
Changzhou: place 
Changzi: place 
channelisation: build 
channelise: build 
channelization: build 
channelize: build 
channels: part 
Chanyu: surname 
Chao: surname 
Chaors: place 
chaos: phenomena 
Chaoshan: place 
chaotic: chaotic 
chaotically: chaotic 
Chaoxian: place 
Chaozhou: place 
chapati: food 
chapatti: food 
chapeau: clothing 
chapel: InstitutePlace 
chaperon: undertake 
chapfallen: disappointed 
chaplain: human 
chaplaincy: Status 
chaplainship: Status 
characin: fish 
characterisation: describe 
characterise: describe 
characteristic: special 
characteristically: unique 
characterization: describe 
characterize: describe 
characters: character 
charcroid: disease 
chargeable: able 
charged: PropertyValue 
charger: tool 
Chargoggagoggmanchauggagoggchaubunagungamaugg: waters 
charial: beast 
charily: cautious 
chariot: LandVehicle 
charisma: Ability 
charismatic: powerful 
charitable: benevolent 
charitably: generous 
charity: emotion 
charivari: recreation 
charlatan: human 
Charleston: place 
Charlie: Name 
charming: gracious 
charmingly: bewitching 
charms: Appearance 
charnel: room 
charred: FormChange 
chart: image 
Chartres: place 
charwoman: human 
chary: cautious 
chasid: human 
chassid: human 
chaste: chaste 
chasten: ExpressAgainst 
chasteness: Behavior 
chastise: ExpressAgainst 
chastisement: ExpressAgainst 
chastly: thrifty 
chat: talk 
chateau: facilities 
chatroom: room 
Chattanooga: place 
chatterbox: human 
chatterer: human 
chattering: sound 
chattily: trivial 
chatty: trivial 
Chaucer: human 
chauffeur: human 
chauffeuse: human 
chauvinism: thinking 
chauvinist: human 
chauvinistic: thinking 
chaw: masticate 
chazan: human 
Che: surname 
cheap: cheap 
cheapen: BecomeLess 
cheaply: cheap 
cheapskate: human 
cheat: human 
Chechnya: place 
checkbook: account 
checked: check 
checker: human 
checkerboard: part 
checkmate: defeat 
checkpoint: facilities 
checkpost: facilities 
cheddar: food 
cheek: part 
cheekbone: part 
cheekily: PropertyValue 
cheeky: shameless 
cheep: cry 
cheerily: happy 
cheerio: expression 
cheerlead: undertake 
cheerleader: human 
cheerlessness: joyful 
cheers: expression 
cheese: food 
cheeseburger: food 
cheesecake: food 
cheeseparer: human 
cheetah: beast 
cheewink: bird 
chef: human 
cheilitis: disease 
cheilosis: disease 
Cheju: place 
Chekhov: human 
Chekov: human 
chela: part 
chelate: ize 
chelicera: part 
Chelmsford: place 
Chelyabinsk: place 
chemicals: chemical 
chemiluminescence: fact 
chemise: clothing 
chemisorb: absorb 
Chemnitz: place 
chemosurgery: fact 
chemotherapy: fact 
Cheng: surname 
Chengde: place 
Chengdu: place 
Chengmai: place 
Chenxian: place 
Chenzhou: place 
cheongsam: clothing 
cheque: bill 
chequebook: account 
chequer: forming 
cherish: ProvideFor 
Chernobyl: place 
chernozem: stone 
cherry: red 
chersonese: land 
chert: stone 
cherub: humanized 
cherubic: humanized 
cherubim: humanized 
chervil: FlowerGrass 
chessman: part 
chessylite: stone 
Chester: place 
chestful: NounUnit 
cheval: tool 
chevvy: damage 
chevy: chase 
chew: masticate 
chewink: bird 
chewy: tough 
Cheyenne: place 
Chi: surname 
Chiba: place 
Chibi: place 
chiblain: disease 
chic: fashionable 
Chicago: place 
chicanery: method 
chick: bird 
chicken: part 
chickenfeed: money 
chickenhearted: timid 
chicory: FlowerGrass 
chief: primary 
chiefly: FuncWord 
chieftain: human 
chieftaincy: Status 
chieftainship: Status 
chieftan: human 
Chifeng: place 
chignon: part 
CHIKV: bacteria 
chilblain: disease 
child: human 
childbearing: process 
childbed: labour 
childcare: affairs 
childe: human 
childhood: time 
childishly: naif 
childishness: Behavior 
chile: part 
Chile: place 
chile: vegetable 
chilling: cold 
chillingly: cold 
chilly: vegetable 
chimes: MusicTool 
chimney: part 
chimneysweep: human 
chimneysweeper: human 
chimpanzee: beast 
chin: part 
china: material 
China: place 
china: tool 
chinaberry: tree 
Chinatown: place 
chinaware: tool 
chinch: InsectWorm 
chine: part 
Chinese: RelatingToCountry 
Chinglish: language 
Chinhuaugdao: place 
chink: sound 
chino: material 
Chinook: wind 
chip: tool 
chipper: BehaviorValue 
chippie: human 
chiropodist: human 
chiropody: knowledge 
chiropractic: fact 
chiropractor: human 
chirping: sound 
chirps: sound 
chirrup: sound 
chisel: tool 
chiseler: human 
chiseller: human 
Chisinau: place 
chitarrone: MusicTool 
chitin: part 
chitlings: food 
chitlins: food 
chitterlings: food 
chivalrous: generous 
chivalrously: generous 
chivalry: Behavior 
chivaree: recreation 
chivvy: damage 
chivy: damage 
Chizhou: place 
chlamydia: bacteria 
chlamys: clothing 
chloral: chemical 
chlorambucil: chemical 
chloramine: chemical 
chloramphenicol: medicine 
chlordiazepoxide: medicine 
chlorella: AlgaeFungi 
chlorhexidine: chemical 
chloride: chemical 
chlorinate: ize 
chlorination: fact 
chlorine: chemical 
chloroform: chemical 
chlorohydrin: chemical 
chloromycetin: medicine 
chlorophyl: part 
chlorophyll: part 
chlorophyte: plant 
chloroquine: medicine 
chlorosis: disease 
chlorothiazide: medicine 
chlorous: chemical 
chlorpromazine: medicine 
choanocyte: part 
chockablock: full 
chockfull: full 
chocolate: food 
choice: refined 
choiceness: refined 
choke: refute 
chokehold: restrain 
cholangiography: fact 
cholangitis: disease 
cholecystectomy: fact 
cholecystitis: disease 
cholelithiasis: disease 
choler: emotion 
cholera: disease 
choleric: BadTemper 
cholesterin: physical 
cholesterol: physical 
Cholet: place 
choline: part 
chomp: masticate 
Chomsky: human 
Chomskyan: human 
chondrify: ize 
chondrodystrophy: disease 
chondroitin: chemical 
chondroma: disease 
chondrosarcoma: disease 
Chong: surname 
Chongqing: place 
Chongwen: place 
Chongyi: place 
Chongzhen: time 
Chongzuo: place 
choose: choose 
chooser: human 
choosey: difficult 
choosy: difficult 
chop: tool 
chopfallen: disappointed 
chophouse: InstitutePlace 
chopines: clothing 
chopper: tool 
choppy: fluent 
chopstick: tool 
chopsticks: tool 
choragus: human 
choral: music 
chorale: music 
chord: image 
chorditis: disease 
choreographer: human 
choreography: fact 
chorine: human 
chorioallantois: part 
chorion: part 
chorionic: part 
chorizo: food 
chortle: laugh 
chou: food 
chough: bird 
chouse: deceive 
chowder: food 
chrism: material 
chrisom: material 
Christ: humanized 
christen: naming 
Christendom: place 
Christian: Name 
Christianisation: CauseToDo 
Christianise: CauseToDo 
Christianity: community 
christianity: human 
Christianization: CauseToDo 
Christianize: CauseToDo 
Christmas: time 
christmastide: time 
christmastime: time 
chroma: Hue 
chromate: chemical 
chromatic: colored 
chromaticity: Hue 
chromatism: Standard 
chromatogram: phenomena 
chromatographic: phenomena 
chromatographical: phenomena 
chromatography: print 
chromatophore: part 
chrome: apply 
chrominance: Hue 
chromonema: part 
chromosome: part 
chronic: relax 
chronicler: human 
chronologise: record 
chronologize: record 
chronology: Sequence 
chronometer: tool 
chronoscope: tool 
chrysalis: InsectWorm 
chrysanthemum: FlowerGrass 
Chrysler: Name 
chrysotherapy: fact 
chrysotile: stone 
chthonian: place 
chthonic: place 
chub: fish 
chubby: fat 
chuck: throw 
chuckle: laugh 
chuckwagon: LandVehicle 
chufa: FlowerGrass 
chuff: pant 
chug: MakeSound 
Chuji: place 
chummy: amiable 
chunky: fat 
Chunyu: surname 
churchgoer: human 
Churchill: human 
churchman: human 
churchmen: human 
churlish: fierce 
churlishly: fierce 
churlishness: fierce 
churn: roll 
churr: cry 
chute: tool 
chutney: material 
Chuvash: human 
Chuxian: place 
Chuxiong: place 
Chuzhou: place 
chyle: part 
chylifactive: ize 
chylifactory: ize 
chyliferous: transport 
chylific: ize 
chylosis: ize 
chylous: part 
chymosin: part 
CIA: part 
ciao: expression 
CIBC: InstitutePlace 
cicada: InsectWorm 
cicatrice: trace 
cicatricotomy: fact 
cicatrise: BeRecovered 
cicatrix: trace 
cicatrize: BeRecovered 
CID: part 
cider: alcohol 
cigar: tobacoo 
cigaret: tobacoo 
cigarette: tobacoo 
cigarillo: tobacoo 
cilium: part 
cinch: fact 
cinchocaine: medicine 
cinchona: tree 
Cincinnati: place 
cincture: fittings 
cinder: waste 
Cinderella: human 
cinecamera: tool 
cinefilm: tool 
cinema: InstitutePlace 
cinematic: shows 
cinematise: produce 
cinematize: produce 
cinematographer: human 
cinematography: fact 
cineplex: InstitutePlace 
cinerarium: facilities 
cinestrip: tool 
cingulum: shape 
cinnamene: chemical 
cinnamon: material 
cinque: cardinal 
cipher: translate 
circinate: round 
circles: community 
circlet: shape 
circuitous: curved 
circularisation: disseminate 
circularise: disseminate 
circularity: round 
circularization: disseminate 
circularize: disseminate 
circulation: rotate 
circulative: circulate 
circulatory: circulate 
circumambulate: circle 
circumcircle: image 
circumcision: fact 
circumduction: rotate 
circumferential: image 
circumflex: symbol 
circumfluent: coil 
circumfuse: GoRound 
circumgyrate: rotate 
circumjacent: location 
circumlocution: NotFrank 
circumnavigate: tour 
circumscribe: delimit 
circumscription: Boundary 
circumspect: cautious 
circumspection: cautious 
circumspectly: cautious 
circumstance: Occasion 
circumstances: Circumstances 
circumstantially: detailed 
circumstantiate: prove 
circumvallate: surround 
circumvallation: surround 
circumvolute: coil 
circumvolve: rotate 
circus: shows 
cirrhosis: disease 
cirri: part 
cirrocumulus: CloudMist 
cirrostratus: CloudMist 
cissy: BehaviorValue 
cistern: facilities 
citable: able 
citation: text 
cite: quote 
Citibank: InstitutePlace 
CITIC: InstitutePlace 
citify: ize 
citizen: human 
citizenry: human 
citizenship: Nationality 
citron: tree 
citrus: fruit 
city: part 
City: place 
city: place 
civet: livestock 
civic: human 
civies: clothing 
civil: civilian 
civilisation: mental 
civilise: teach 
civility: Bearing 
civilization: mental 
civilize: teach 
civilized: WellBred 
civvies: clothing 
cl: Unit 
clabber: StateChange 
clack: talk 
clad: PackingValue 
clade: group 
clairvoyance: experience 
clamant: noisy 
clamber: GoUp 
clammily: wet 
clamminess: wet 
clamoring: sound 
clamorously: noisy 
clamouring: sound 
clamp: tool 
clampdown: prohibit 
clamshell: part 
clan: tribe 
clandestine: covert 
clandestinely: covert 
clang: sound 
clangor: sound 
clangoring: sound 
clangour: sound 
clank: sound 
clannish: unrighteous 
clannishness: unrighteous 
clansman: human 
clansmen: human 
clap: sound 
clapperclaw: ExpressAgainst 
clappers: MusicTool 
claptrap: text 
claret: red 
clarinet: MusicTool 
clarinetist: human 
clarino: sound 
clasp: hold 
class: study 
classic: publications 
classical: classic 
classicise: ize 
classicism: thinking 
classicist: human 
classicize: ize 
classificatory: classify 
classifier: part 
classify: classify 
classmate: human 
classroom: room 
classwork: fact 
clatter: sound 
clatterer: human 
clausal: expression 
claustrophobia: disease 
claustrophobic: disease 
claver: TalkNonsense 
clavicle: part 
clavier: part 
clavus: disease 
claw: part 
claxon: MakeSound 
clay: stone 
clayey: dense 
claytonia: FlowerGrass 
cleanable: able 
cleaner: human 
cleaners: InstitutePlace 
cleanser: tool 
cleanup: remove 
clear: WeatherFine 
clearage: remove 
clearance: space 
clearcutness: Lucidity 
clearheaded: clearheaded 
cleat: tool 
cleavage: part 
cleave: split 
cleaver: tool 
cleft: location 
clemency: lenient 
clenbuterol: chemical 
clench: CausePartMove 
clepe: undergo 
clepsydra: tool 
clergy: human 
clergyman: human 
clergymen: human 
cleric: human 
clerical: human 
clerk: human 
clerkship: Occupation 
Cleveland: place 
clever: wise 
cleverly: wise 
cliche: text 
cliff: part 
climacteric: time 
climacterium: disease 
climatic: weather 
climatical: weather 
climatography: document 
climatology: knowledge 
climax: process 
climber: human 
clime: weather 
clinandrium: part 
clinch: HoldInArm 
cling: obey 
clingfilm: tool 
clingfish: fish 
clinic: InstitutePlace 
clinical: TimingValue 
clinically: TimingValue 
clinician: human 
clinicopathology: knowledge 
clink: sound 
clinodactyly: disease 
clinometer: tool 
Clinton: human 
clip: tool 
clipboard: tool 
clippers: tool 
clipping: method 
cliquish: unrighteous 
clit: part 
clitellum: part 
clitoris: part 
clitter: MakeSound 
cloaca: facilities 
cloakroom: room 
clobber: defeat 
clochard: facilities 
clockmaker: human 
clocksmith: human 
clockwise: forward 
clodhopper: human 
cloggy: dense 
clogs: clothing 
cloisonne: artifact 
cloister: alive 
cloistral: human 
cloke: clothing 
clomiphene: medicine 
clomipramine: medicine 
clomp: walk 
clone: produce 
clonidine: medicine 
cloning: produce 
clop: MakeSound 
clopidogrel: medicine 
close: TurnOff 
closed: shut 
closedown: end 
closefisted: miser 
closely: intimate 
closemouthed: cautious 
closest: near 
closestool: tool 
closet: furniture 
closeup: Scene 
clostridium: bacteria 
clot: StateChange 
cloth: material 
clothe: PutOn 
clothes: clothing 
clothesbrush: tool 
clotheshorse: tool 
clothesline: tool 
clothespin: tool 
clothespress: furniture 
clothier: human 
clothing: clothing 
clotrimazole: medicine 
clotting: StateChange 
cloud: CloudMist 
cloudburst: RainSnow 
cloudiness: Quality 
clout: tool 
clover: FlowerGrass 
cloverleaf: part 
cloy: err 
cloze: fact 
club: SportTool 
clubby: unrighteous 
clubfoot: disease 
cluck: MakeSound 
clude: escape 
clump: walk 
clumsily: NotQuick 
clumsy: NotQuick 
clunk: MakeSound 
clunky: NotQuick 
clutch: part 
clutter: phenomena 
clysis: doctor 
clyster: medicine 
Clytemnestra: humanized 
Cm: metal 
cm: Unit 
CMEA: community 
CMM: Unit 
CMU: InstitutePlace 
CNN: institution 
CNR: institution 
CNS: institution 
Co: metal 
coact: cooperate 
coadjacent: BeNear 
coagulant: chemical 
coagulase: part 
coagulation: StateChange 
coagulum: inanimate 
coal: material 
coalesce: connect 
coalescence: merge 
coalescency: merge 
coalfield: InstitutePlace 
coalfish: fish 
coalition: ally 
coalpit: InstitutePlace 
coapt: fasten 
coarse: vulgar 
coarsely: vulgar 
coarsen: ize 
coarseness: vulgar 
coastguard: part 
coastland: place 
coastline: land 
coating: part 
coatroom: room 
coax: entice 
coaxal: FormValue 
coaxial: FormValue 
coaxing: entice 
cobalamin: medicine 
cobalt: metal 
cobanic: metal 
cobble: stone 
cobblestone: stone 
cobia: fish 
cobra: beast 
cobweb: tool 
coca: tree 
cocaine: drug 
cocainise: CauseToDo 
cocainize: CauseToDo 
cocci: bacteria 
coccidioidomycosis: disease 
coccidiomycosis: disease 
coccus: bacteria 
coccyx: part 
cochlea: part 
cochlear: part 
cochlitis: disease 
cocker: like 
cockfight: fact 
cockle: PlayWith 
cockneyfy: ize 
cockpit: part 
cockroach: InsectWorm 
cocksure: arrogant 
cocky: arrogant 
coco: fruit 
cocoanut: fruit 
coconspire: plan 
coconut: fruit 
cocoon: house 
cocotte: human 
Cocytus: waters 
COD: pay 
coda: part 
coddler: human 
code: translate 
codefendant: human 
codeine: medicine 
codfish: fish 
codger: human 
codicology: knowledge 
codify: compile 
coding: translate 
coeducate: cultivate 
coeducation: affairs 
coeducational: affairs 
coefficient: symbol 
coelenterate: AnimalHuman 
coelenteron: part 
coenurus: InsectWorm 
coerce: force 
coercion: force 
coercive: compulsory 
coeval: simultaneous 
coevals: human 
coexist: exist 
coexistence: exist 
coexistent: simultaneous 
coexisting: simultaneous 
coffee: material 
coffeecake: food 
coffeehouse: InstitutePlace 
coffeepot: tool 
coffer: tool 
coffin: tool 
cog: deceive 
cogent: able 
coggle: walk 
cogitate: think 
cogitation: think 
cognation: Attachment 
cognisance: experience 
cognisant: understand 
cognise: know 
cognition: knowledge 
cognitive: know 
cognizance: experience 
cognize: know 
cognoscenti: human 
cogongrass: FlowerGrass 
cohabit: alive 
cohabitation: alive 
cohere: StateChange 
coherence: Continuity 
coherency: Continuity 
coherent: continuous 
cohesion: Strength 
coif: PutOn 
coiffeur: human 
coiffure: Pattern 
coil: part 
coiled: curved 
coin: produce 
coincidental: accidental 
coincidentally: accidental 
coincidently: accidental 
coinciding: accidental 
coiner: human 
coins: money 
coinstantaneous: simultaneous 
coinsure: guarantee 
coir: tree 
coitus: mating 
coking: burn 
colander: tool 
colchicine: medicine 
cold: cold 
COLD: disease 
cold: wind 
coldcock: reverse 
coldheartedness: wicked 
coldish: chilly 
coldly: indifferent 
coldrex: medicine 
coldwork: produce 
coleorhiza: part 
coli: bacteria 
colic: phenomena 
COLING: fact 
coliseum: facilities 
colitis: disease 
collaborationist: human 
collaborative: cooperate 
collagen: part 
collapsar: celestial 
collapse: FallDown 
collapsible: able 
collarbone: part 
collateralize: pawn 
collaterally: indirect 
collation: check 
colleague: human 
collect: store 
collectable: necessary 
collected: composed 
collectedly: composed 
collectedness: composed 
collectible: necessary 
collective: public 
collectively: collective 
collectivise: ize 
collectivism: thinking 
collectivity: Cooperativeness 
collectivization: ize 
collectivize: ize 
college: InstitutePlace 
collegian: human 
collegiate: InstitutePlace 
collegium: part 
collider: tool 
collie: livestock 
collier: human 
colliery: InstitutePlace 
colligate: connect 
collimate: check 
collimation: check 
collission: bump 
collocation: mix 
collogue: talk 
colloid: physical 
colloquialism: expression 
colloquium: fact 
collotype: tool 
collude: collude 
collusion: collude 
colluvium: part 
colly: pollute 
collyrium: medicine 
Colmar: place 
Cologne: place 
cologne: tool 
Colombia: place 
Colombo: place 
colonel: human 
colonial: place 
colonialism: system 
colonialist: human 
colonic: part 
colonisation: establish 
colonise: establish 
colonist: human 
colonization: establish 
colonize: establish 
colonizer: human 
colonnade: part 
colonoscope: tool 
colonoscopy: fact 
colony: place 
colophon: mark 
colophony: material 
coloptosis: disease 
color: AlterColor 
Coloradan: human 
Colorado: place 
coloratura: method 
colorectal: part 
colored: colored 
colorful: colored 
colorfully: colored 
colorimeter: tool 
colorimetry: fact 
colorise: AlterColor 
colorist: human 
colorize: AlterColor 
colorless: colorless 
colorlessness: colorless 
colossal: big 
colossus: human 
colostomy: fact 
colostrum: part 
colour: SoundQuality 
colouration: SoundQuality 
colourcast: image 
coloured: colored 
colourful: interesting 
colourimeter: tool 
colourise: AlterColor 
colourize: AlterColor 
colourless: colorless 
colourlessness: colorless 
colours: tool 
colpocystocele: disease 
colt: livestock 
columbarium: facilities 
Columbia: place 
Columbian: human 
columbite: stone 
columbium: metal 
Columbus: human 
columnist: human 
coma: dizzy 
comatoseness: dizzy 
comatula: animal 
comatulid: animal 
combatant: human 
combative: FondOf 
combinatory: PropertyValue 
combine: merge 
combo: community 
combustibility: Easiness 
combustible: material 
combustion: StateChange 
combustor: part 
comby: FormValue 
comeback: BeRecovered 
comedian: human 
comedic: shows 
comedienne: human 
comedo: phenomena 
comeliness: attractive 
comestible: edible 
comet: celestial 
comfit: produce 
comfortable: cosy 
comfortableness: experience 
comic: able 
comical: interesting 
comically: interesting 
coming: soon 
Comintern: community 
comity: refuse 
comma: symbol 
commandant: human 
commander: human 
commandership: Occupation 
commandment: regulation 
commandments: regulation 
commando: human 
commemorate: commemorate 
commemoration: fact 
commemorative: able 
commend: praise 
commendable: able 
commendation: praise 
commendment: praise 
commensalism: phenomena 
commentate: estimate 
commentator: human 
commerce: affairs 
commercialisation: ize 
commercialise: ize 
commercialization: ize 
commercialize: ize 
Commerzbank: InstitutePlace 
comminate: ExpressAgainst 
commingle: mix 
comminute: grind 
comminuted: FormValue 
commiserate: pity 
commissar: human 
commission: Power 
commissionaire: human 
commissioner: human 
commissionership: Occupation 
commit: provide 
committal: detain 
committedness: Will 
committee: part 
commix: mix 
commixture: mix 
commode: tool 
commodiousness: Size 
commodity: artifact 
commodore: human 
commonalty: community 
commoner: human 
commoners: human 
commonness: Ordinariness 
commonplace: unable 
commonplaceness: Ordinariness 
commonwealth: community 
Commonwealth: place 
commonwealth: system 
commotion: fact 
commove: excite 
communal: institution 
communalise: CauseToDo 
communalize: CauseToDo 
commune: institution 
communicate: tell 
communication: communicate 
communications: affairs 
communique: text 
communisation: ize 
communism: system 
communist: system 
communization: ize 
commutable: possible 
commutate: exchange 
commutation: weaken 
commutative: able 
commutator: part 
commuter: LandVehicle 
Comoran: RelatingToCountry 
Comoros: place 
compactly: concise 
companionability: sociable 
companionableness: sociable 
companionship: Intimacy 
company: part 
comparability: Ability 
comparable: able 
comparably: FuncWord 
comparative: Property 
compart: put 
compartmentalisation: separate 
compartmentalise: separate 
compartmentalization: separate 
compartmentalize: separate 
compasses: tool 
compassion: emotion 
compassionate: benevolent 
compassionateness: emotion 
compatibility: Uniformity 
compatible: accordant 
compatibles: computer 
compatibly: accordant 
compatriot: human 
compatriots: human 
compel: force 
compendious: concise 
compendiously: concise 
compensability: Ability 
compensable: able 
compensate: recompense 
compensated: PropertyValue 
compensator: human 
compensatory: able 
compere: human 
competence: Range 
competency: Ability 
competent: qualified 
competently: qualified 
competition: HaveContest 
competitive: PerformanceValue 
competitor: human 
compile: compile 
complacence: satisfied 
complacency: satisfied 
complacent: satisfied 
complacently: satisfied 
complain: ExpressDissatisfaction 
complainant: human 
complainer: human 
complaining: BadTemper 
complaintive: BadTemper 
complaisance: docile 
complaisant: proper 
complaisantly: proper 
complanate: level 
complect: fasten 
complection: Color 
complementarity: Property 
complementary: able 
completeness: Wholeness 
completion: succeed 
complex: place 
complexing: merge 
complexity: Complexity 
complexness: Complexity 
compliancy: docile 
compliant: obey 
complicate: ize 
complicated: ize 
complicatedness: Complexity 
complications: fact 
compliment: praise 
complimentary: FreeOfCharge 
complot: plan 
comply: obey 
componential: part 
comport: fit 
comportment: Demeanor 
compose: produce 
composed: composed 
composer: human 
composing: PutInOrder 
composionality: Attribute 
composition: text 
compositor: human 
compost: material 
composure: peaceful 
compound: thing 
comprador: human 
comprehend: understand 
comprehendible: able 
comprehensibility: Ability 
comprehensible: able 
comprehensive: wholly 
comprehensively: wholly 
compress: shrink 
compression: shrink 
compressor: machine 
comprise: contain 
compromise: reconcile 
compulsion: force 
compulsiveness: compulsory 
compulsivity: compulsory 
compulsorily: compulsory 
compulsory: compulsory 
computable: able 
computation: calculate 
computational: calculate 
compute: calculate 
computer: computer 
computerise: ize 
computerization: ize 
computerize: ize 
computing: calculate 
comrade: human 
comradeliness: emotion 
comradery: emotion 
comradeship: emotion 
con: physical 
Conakry: place 
concatenate: connect 
concatenation: connect 
concaveness: dented 
conceal: HideTruth 
concealment: HideTruth 
conceit: arrogant 
conceited: arrogant 
conceitedly: arrogant 
conceitedness: arrogant 
conceivability: Ability 
conceivable: possible 
conceivableness: Ability 
conceivably: possible 
conceive: understand 
concenter: PayAttention 
concentrate: StateChange 
concentration: PayAttention 
concentre: PayAttention 
concentric: FormValue 
concentrical: FormValue 
concept: thinking 
conceptualisation: ize 
conceptualise: ize 
conceptuality: ize 
conceptualization: ize 
conceptualize: ize 
concerning: FuncWord 
concerted: accordant 
concertina: MusicTool 
concertini: music 
concertino: music 
concertise: manage 
concertize: manage 
concertmaster: human 
concerto: music 
concession: surrender 
concessionaire: human 
concessioner: human 
concessive: surrender 
conch: tool 
concha: part 
conchology: gather 
conciliate: soothe 
conciliation: mediate 
concise: concise 
concisely: concise 
conciseness: concise 
conclave: fact 
conclude: MakeAppointment 
conclusive: true 
conclusiveness: result 
concordance: harmonious 
concordant: proper 
concordantly: proper 
concordat: document 
concourse: ComeTogether 
concrete: StateChange 
concretion: StateChange 
concretisation: ize 
concretise: ize 
concretization: ize 
concretize: ize 
concubinage: alive 
concubine: human 
concupiscence: aspiration 
concur: simultaneous 
concurrence: Uniformity 
concurrent: simultaneous 
concuss: shiver 
concussion: disease 
concussive: change 
condemn: judge 
condensable: able 
condensation: StateChange 
condense: StateChange 
condensing: StateChange 
condescendation: PassOn 
condescension: arrogant 
condiment: material 
condiments: material 
conditional: PropertyValue 
conditioner: tool 
conditions: Circumstances 
condo: house 
condolence: condole 
condom: tool 
condominium: house 
condonation: forgive 
condone: forgive 
condottiere: human 
conduct: transmit 
conduction: transmit 
conductive: transmit 
conductivity: Performance 
conductor: physical 
conductress: human 
condult: discuss 
condyle: part 
condyloma: disease 
confab: discuss 
confabulate: TalkNonsense 
confabulation: fact 
confect: produce 
confection: produce 
confectioner: human 
confederacy: community 
confederate: ally 
Confederate: community 
confederate: human 
conferee: human 
conferment: grant 
conferral: grant 
conferva: AlgaeFungi 
confessedly: FuncWord 
confession: text 
confessor: human 
confidant: human 
confidante: human 
confide: entrust 
confident: believe 
confidentiality: ClassifyLevel 
confidentially: covert 
confidently: BehaviorValue 
configurationism: knowledge 
configure: contain 
confinement: restrain 
confining: unsociable 
confirmable: possible 
confirmation: prove 
confirmative: able 
confirmatory: able 
confirming: able 
confiscation: deprive 
conflagrate: lighting 
conflagration: mishap 
conflate: mix 
conflicting: discordant 
conform: fit 
conformability: Uniformity 
conformable: accordant 
conformably: accordant 
conformance: Uniformity 
conformism: Conventionality 
conformity: obey 
confound: MakeMisunderstand 
confoundly: foolish 
confront: prepare 
confrontation: fight 
confrotation: fight 
confucian: human 
Confucianism: knowledge 
Confucianist: community 
Confucius: human 
confuse: MakeMisunderstand 
confused: vague 
confusion: phenomena 
confutation: refute 
confute: refute 
Cong: surname 
conge: salute 
congelation: StateChange 
congener: physical 
congenial: harmonious 
congenital: innate 
conger: fish 
congest: exist 
congestive: phenomena 
conglobate: AlterForm 
conglobe: AlterForm 
conglutinate: fasten 
conglutination: fasten 
Congo: place 
congratulate: congratulate 
congratulation: text 
congratulations: expression 
congratulatory: congratulate 
congregate: assemble 
Congress: institution 
congress: institution 
congressional: institution 
congressman: human 
congressmen: human 
congresswoman: human 
congruence: fit 
congruent: fit 
conical: pointed 
conidium: part 
conifer: tree 
coniform: pointed 
conjectural: guess 
conjecture: guess 
conjoin: GetMarried 
conjugal: Intimacy 
conjugate: connect 
conjugation: merge 
conjunct: merge 
conjunctiva: part 
conjunctivitis: disease 
conjure: perform 
conjurer: human 
conjuring: shows 
conk: dizzy 
conn: drive 
connectedness: Pertinence 
Connecticut: place 
Connecticuter: human 
connections: human 
connective: thing 
connectivity: Property 
connector: tool 
conniption: angry 
connive: plan 
conniving: miser 
connnect: connect 
connnection: connect 
connoiseur: human 
connoisseur: human 
connotation: information 
connotative: profound 
connote: express 
connubial: Intimacy 
conpoy: food 
conquer: defeat 
conqueror: human 
conquistador: human 
consanguine: lineal 
consanguineous: lineal 
consanguinity: Attachment 
conscience: emotion 
conscienceless: wicked 
conscientiousness: careful 
consciousness: mental 
conscribe: include 
conscript: include 
conscription: include 
consecutive: continuous 
consensus: thought 
consent: agree 
consequently: FuncWord 
conservancy: manage 
conservation: protect 
conservationist: human 
conservatism: thinking 
Conservative: community 
conservative: community 
Conservative: community 
conservative: stiff 
conservator: human 
consider: think 
considerable: many 
considerate: careful 
considerately: careful 
considerateness: WellTreat 
consideration: think 
consign: submit 
consignation: entrust 
consignee: human 
consigner: human 
consignor: human 
consilience: fit 
consilient: accordant 
consist: contain 
consistence: Concentration 
consistency: Uniformity 
consistory: institution 
consociate: GetMarried 
consolable: able 
consolation: soothe 
consolatory: SayHello 
consolidation: strengthen 
consomme: food 
consonantly: accordant 
consort: weapon 
consortium: community 
conspectus: text 
conspicuous: lucid 
conspicuously: lucid 
conspicuousness: lucid 
conspiracy: plans 
conspirative: plan 
conspirator: human 
conspiratorial: plan 
conspire: plan 
constable: human 
constabulary: institution 
constancy: Constancy 
constantan: metal 
constantinople: place 
constantly: continuous 
constellate: ComeTogether 
constipate: excrete 
constipated: phenomena 
constipation: phenomena 
constituent: Origin 
constitute: establish 
constitution: regulation 
constitutional: lawful 
constitutionalism: system 
constitutive: important 
constrain: restrain 
constraint: restrain 
constriction: restrain 
constructibility: Ability 
construction: part 
constructive: advantageous 
constructiveness: advantageous 
constructor: human 
consubstantial: alike 
consul: human 
consular: human 
consulate: institution 
consulship: Occupation 
consultancy: request 
consultant: human 
consultations: discuss 
consultative: ask 
consumable: AptTo 
consumables: artifact 
consume: spend 
consumer: human 
consummate: refined 
consummation: fulfil 
consumptive: human 
contagion: disease 
contagious: able 
contagium: Source 
contain: restrain 
containment: regulation 
contaminant: physical 
contaminate: pollute 
contaminated: PropertyValue 
contemn: despise 
contemplative: careful 
contemplativeness: careful 
contemporaneity: time 
contemporaneous: simultaneous 
contemporaneousness: time 
contemporaries: human 
contemporise: happen 
contemporize: happen 
contempt: despise 
contemptibility: despicable 
contemptible: despicable 
contemptibly: despicable 
contemptuous: despise 
contemptuousness: despise 
contend: regard 
contender: human 
contented: satisfied 
contentedness: emotion 
contention: HaveContest 
contentiousness: FondOf 
contentment: satisfied 
conterminous: BeNear 
contest: HaveContest 
contestable: able 
contestation: debate 
contextual: part 
contiguity: BeNear 
contiguous: BeNear 
contiguousness: BeNear 
continence: restrain 
continency: restrain 
continent: earth 
contingence: Frequency 
contingent: part 
continual: continuous 
continuant: sound 
continuation: publications 
continuing: able 
continuity: Continuity 
continuous: continuous 
continuously: continuous 
continuousness: Continuity 
continuum: symbol 
contour: part 
contra: FuncWord 
contraband: artifact 
contrabandist: human 
contrabass: MusicTool 
contraception: obstruct 
contraceptive: method 
contraceptives: tool 
contraclockwise: backward 
contractable: able 
contractile: able 
contractility: Ability 
contraction: shrink 
contractual: document 
contracture: CausePartMove 
contradance: recreation 
contradictorily: discordant 
contradictoriness: Uniformity 
contradictory: discordant 
contradistinguish: distinguish 
contrail: trace 
contraindicate: prohibit 
contralto: sound 
contrariety: Uniformity 
contrariwise: backward 
contrary: backward 
contrast: Similarity 
contrastive: compare 
contravene: disobey 
contravention: disobey 
contretemps: mishap 
contribution: text 
contributory: meritorious 
contrite: repent 
contriteness: repent 
contrition: repent 
contrivance: plans 
contrive: plan 
contrived: affected 
control: control 
controllable: able 
controversial: able 
controversialist: human 
controversy: fact 
controvert: debate 
contuse: discourage 
contusion: wounded 
conundrum: problem 
convect: flow 
convection: flow 
convective: flow 
convener: human 
convenience: Performance 
convenient: convenient 
conveniently: convenient 
convent: InstitutePlace 
convention: regulation 
conventional: regressive 
conventionalisation: ize 
conventionalise: ize 
conventionalism: Conventionality 
conventionalization: ize 
conventionalize: ize 
conventionally: habitual 
conventual: human 
converge: ComeTogether 
convergency: ComeTogether 
convergent: ComeTogether 
conversance: Familiarity 
conversancy: Familiarity 
conversant: able 
conversational: FormValue 
conversazione: fact 
conversely: treacherous 
convert: exchange 
convertibility: Ability 
convertor: tool 
convex: protruding 
convexity: protruding 
convexness: protruding 
convey: transport 
convinced: persuade 
convincible: able 
convincing: able 
convocation: fact 
convoke: assemble 
convolutional: phenomena 
convolve: circle 
convolvulus: plant 
convoy: protect 
convulse: shiver 
convulsions: twitch 
COO: human 
cooing: MakeSound 
cookbook: readings 
cooked: processed 
cooker: tool 
cookery: fact 
cookhouse: room 
cookie: food 
cooking: fact 
cookout: fact 
cookstove: tool 
cookware: tool 
cooky: food 
cool: indifferent 
coolant: chemical 
cooler: tool 
coolie: human 
cooling: cool 
coolish: chilly 
coonskin: part 
cooper: human 
cooperation: cooperate 
cooperator: human 
coordinate: image 
coordinator: human 
coot: bird 
COPD: disease 
cope: handle 
Copenhagen: place 
copier: tool 
copilot: human 
copious: many 
copiously: many 
copiousness: many 
copolymerise: ComeTogether 
copolymerize: ComeTogether 
copped: pointed 
copper: money 
copperhead: beast 
coppersmith: human 
copperware: tool 
coprology: text 
copter: aircraft 
copula: part 
copulate: mating 
copulation: mating 
copybook: publications 
copyedit: compile 
copyist: human 
copyread: compile 
copyreader: human 
Copyright: CircumstancesValue 
copyright: rights 
copyrighted: CircumstancesValue 
coquet: tease 
coquetry: Bearing 
coquettish: flighty 
coquettishly: flighty 
coral: material 
cord: tool 
cordate: FormValue 
cordeau: tool 
cordial: medicine 
cordiality: earnest 
cordiform: FormValue 
Cordoba: money 
cordon: tool 
corduroy: material 
coreference: Property 
coreless: empty 
Coricidin: medicine 
corium: part 
corkscrew: tool 
corm: part 
cormorant: bird 
corn: crop 
corncob: part 
cornea: part 
corneal: part 
cornel: tree 
corner: location 
cornerstone: stone 
cornet: MusicTool 
Cornhusker: human 
cornice: part 
cornmeal: material 
cornu: part 
corolla: part 
corollary: result 
coronary: disease 
coronate: grant 
coronavirus: bacteria 
coroner: human 
Corp: InstitutePlace 
corpora: text 
corporal: human 
corporate: community 
corporation: InstitutePlace 
corpse: part 
corpulence: fat 
corpuscle: part 
corrade: remove 
corral: detain 
correcting: amend 
correction: amend 
correctional: amend 
correctitude: Properness 
corrective: amend 
correctly: correct 
correlate: coordinate 
correlative: relevant 
correlativity: Pertinence 
correspondance: letter 
correspondence: Symmetry 
corresponding: relevant 
corrida: fact 
corridor: part 
corrigendum: document 
corrigible: able 
corroborate: prove 
corroboration: prove 
corroborative: able 
corroboratory: able 
corroded: OutOfOrder 
corrodent: chemical 
corrosiveness: Performance 
corrosivity: Performance 
corruption: fact 
corruptly: immoral 
Corsican: language 
cortege: community 
cortex: part 
cortical: part 
corticosteroid: chemical 
corticotrophin: physical 
corticotropin: physical 
cortisone: medicine 
corundum: stone 
coruscate: illuminate 
corvee: human 
corvette: weapon 
corybant: human 
coryphaeus: human 
cos: symbol 
cosecant: symbol 
cosign: sign 
cosily: cosy 
cosine: symbol 
cosmea: FlowerGrass 
cosmetic: tool 
cosmetics: tool 
cosmetologist: human 
cosmic: celestial 
cosmogeny: knowledge 
cosmogony: knowledge 
cosmology: knowledge 
cosmonaut: human 
cosmonautics: knowledge 
cosmopolite: human 
cosponsor: handle 
Cossack: human 
cosset: like 
cost: Worth 
costa: part 
costae: part 
costalgia: phenomena 
Costco: InstitutePlace 
costeffectiveness: Effectivity 
costermonger: human 
costless: FreeOfCharge 
costliness: expensive 
costume: clothing 
costumes: clothing 
costumier: human 
costusroot: FlowerGrass 
cosummate: BestQuality 
cosy: cosy 
cot: furniture 
cotan: symbol 
cotangent: symbol 
cote: facilities 
cotenant: human 
cothurnus: shows 
cotilion: shows 
cotillion: shows 
cottage: house 
cottar: human 
Cottbus: place 
cotter: part 
cotton: tool 
cottonseed: part 
cotyledon: part 
Coubertin: human 
couch: furniture 
couchette: part 
cougar: beast 
cough: pant 
could: FuncWord 
coulomb: Unit 
coumadin: medicine 
council: part 
councillor: human 
counsellor: human 
counsellorship: Occupation 
counselorship: Occupation 
count: NounUnit 
countable: able 
countdown: count 
countenance: grant 
counter: tool 
counteraction: attack 
counteractive: weaken 
counterattack: attack 
counterblow: attack 
counterchange: exchange 
countercharge: accuse 
countercheck: check 
counterclaim: accuse 
counterclockwise: backward 
countercoup: fact 
countereffect: Effectivity 
counterencirclement: surround 
counterespionage: fact 
counterevidence: information 
counterfactual: true 
counterfeiter: human 
counterfire: fact 
counterfoil: bill 
counterforce: Strength 
counterinsurgency: restrain 
countermand: remove 
countermarch: GoForward 
countermine: damage 
countermove: plans 
counteroffensive: attack 
counterpane: tool 
counterpart: human 
counterplea: refute 
counterplot: defeat 
counterpoison: medicine 
counterpose: equal 
counterproductive: negative 
counterreconnaissance: fight 
counterrevolution: regressive 
counterrevolutionist: human 
countersignature: Name 
countersink: stab 
counterspy: human 
counterstrike: attack 
counterterror: fight 
counterterrorism: fight 
counterterrorist: fight 
countervail: weaken 
counterweight: equal 
counterwork: fight 
countess: human 
countless: many 
countlessness: many 
countrified: uncouth 
countrymen: human 
countryside: place 
countrywide: wholly 
countrywoman: human 
county: place 
coup: fact 
couplet: tool 
coupons: coupon 
courage: Courage 
courageous: brave 
courageously: brave 
courageousness: Courage 
courier: human 
course: time 
coursework: fact 
courteous: polite 
courteously: polite 
courtesan: human 
courthouse: house 
courtier: human 
courting: BeInLove 
courtroom: institution 
courtyard: part 
cousins: human 
cousinship: Clan 
couteau: tool 
coutier: human 
covalence: Ability 
covalency: Ability 
covalent: able 
covenant: document 
Coventry: place 
covert: hide 
covertly: covert 
coverup: protect 
covet: expect 
covetous: acquisitive 
covetously: acquisitive 
covetousness: acquisitive 
cow: livestock 
cowardice: timid 
cowardliness: timid 
cowberry: fruit 
cowboy: human 
cowfish: beast 
cowgirl: Posture 
cowhand: human 
cowherd: human 
cowman: human 
cowpoke: human 
cowpox: disease 
cowpuncher: human 
cowrite: compile 
cowshed: facilities 
coxa: part 
coxarthria: disease 
coxarthropathy: part 
coxcomb: human 
coxsackievirus: bacteria 
coxswain: human 
coy: shy 
coyly: PropertyValue 
coyote: beast 
coypu: beast 
cozen: deceive 
cozenage: deceive 
cozily: cosy 
cozy: cosy 
CPA: human 
CPI: symbol 
CPPCC: institution 
CPR: fact 
cps: Unit 
CPU: part 
Cr: metal 
crabbedness: BadTemper 
crabbiness: BadTemper 
crabby: BadTemper 
crackdown: restrain 
crackle: trace 
cracklings: food 
cracksman: human 
crackup: end 
cradlesong: music 
crafter: human 
craftily: sly 
craftiness: sly 
craftship: method 
craftsman: human 
craftsmanship: Ability 
crafty: sly 
crag: part 
craggy: rugged 
crakle: sound 
cram: study 
crambo: problem 
cramful: fill 
crammed: crowded 
cramped: narrow 
cranberry: fruit 
cranch: grind 
craniate: AnimalHuman 
craniologist: human 
craniology: knowledge 
craniometry: knowledge 
craniotomy: fact 
crankiness: BadTemper 
crankshaft: part 
crap: excrement 
crapper: tool 
crappy: inferior 
crapulence: drink 
crapulent: eat 
crapulous: eat 
crash: sound 
crasher: human 
crasis: merge 
crateful: NounUnit 
craunch: grind 
craven: human 
craving: aspiration 
crawdad: fish 
crawfish: fish 
crawl: swim 
crawler: human 
crawlspace: space 
crayfish: fish 
crayon: tool 
crazily: PropertyValue 
craziness: mad 
creakily: SoundVolumeValue 
creakingly: SoundVolumeValue 
creamery: InstitutePlace 
creaseproof: able 
creasy: wrinkled 
Creat: physical 
creatinine: physical 
creation: ResultIn 
creationism: knowledge 
creationist: human 
creative: creative 
creatively: creative 
creativity: Creativeness 
creator: human 
Creator: humanized 
creche: InstitutePlace 
credence: emotion 
credendum: thinking 
credential: document 
credibility: Ability 
credibleness: Ability 
credibly: able 
credit: Unit 
creditable: faithful 
creditably: ish 
creditor: human 
creditworthiness: faithful 
credulity: believe 
credulously: PropertyValue 
creek: waters 
creel: tool 
creep: SelfMove 
creepy: able 
crematorium: InstitutePlace 
crematory: InstitutePlace 
crenelate: build 
crenelation: part 
crenellate: build 
crenellation: facilities 
Creon: humanized 
crepe: material 
crepitate: MakeSound 
crepuscle: Scene 
crepuscule: Scene 
crescendo: MakeBetter 
cresol: chemical 
crestfallen: disheartened 
cretaceous: time 
Crete: place 
cretin: human 
cretinism: disease 
crevasse: location 
crevice: location 
crewcut: Pattern 
crewman: human 
crewneck: part 
CRF: disease 
CRH: LandVehicle 
cricify: restrain 
crick: twitch 
cricoid: shape 
Crimea: place 
crimeless: guiltless 
criminalisation: judge 
criminalise: judge 
criminalism: fact 
criminality: fact 
criminalization: judge 
criminalize: judge 
criminally: guilty 
criminalness: fact 
criminate: accuse 
criminative: bear 
criminatory: bear 
criminological: knowledge 
criminologist: human 
criminology: knowledge 
crimson: red 
cringe: GoBackward 
crinkle: trace 
crisis: phenomena 
crisp: food 
crispen: cook 
crisply: easy 
crispy: easy 
crisscross: part 
crissum: part 
crista: part 
critic: human 
critical: urgent 
critically: urgent 
criticise: estimate 
criticism: estimate 
croak: MakeSound 
Croatia: place 
crochet: weave 
crocidolite: material 
crock: tool 
crockery: tool 
crocodile: beast 
crocodilian: beast 
Crocs: Name 
croissant: food 
crokeyed: slanted 
cronk: MakeSound 
crony: human 
crookback: human 
crookedly: slanted 
crookedness: Curvature 
croon: sing 
crooner: human 
cropland: land 
cropper: human 
crops: crop 
croquet: fact 
crossbow: weapon 
crossbreed: mixed 
crossbreeding: mating 
crosscheck: check 
crosscut: break 
crosser: human 
crossfire: fact 
crossgrained: GeoIrregular 
crosshairs: part 
crosshatch: draw 
crossness: BadTemper 
crossover: part 
crosspiece: part 
crossroad: part 
crosswalk: part 
crossway: part 
crossways: horizontal 
crosswise: horizontal 
crossword: fact 
crotch: part 
crotcher: symbol 
crotchet: Habit 
crotchetiness: BadTemper 
crotchety: BadTemper 
croton: tree 
croup: disease 
crouton: food 
crowd: physical 
crowded: crowded 
crowdsource: entrust 
crowner: Boundary 
crt: part 
crucial: important 
crucially: extreme 
cruciform: shape 
crucify: kill 
crud: inanimate 
crudely: vulgar 
crudeness: fierce 
cruel: fierce 
cruelly: fierce 
cruise: VehicleGo 
cruiser: weapon 
cruiserweight: human 
crumbling: dangerous 
crumbly: easy 
crump: FormChange 
crumpet: food 
crumpled: wrinkled 
crunch: grind 
crus: part 
crusade: fact 
crusader: human 
cruse: tool 
crush: restrain 
crushing: able 
crust: part 
crustacean: AnimalHuman 
crustal: part 
crusty: fierce 
crutch: tool 
crux: part 
Cruzado: money 
crybaby: human 
cryoanaesthesia: fact 
cryoanesthesia: fact 
cryobiology: knowledge 
cryogenic: knowledge 
cryogenics: knowledge 
cryogeny: knowledge 
cryonic: fact 
cryonics: fact 
cryopathy: disease 
cryosurgery: fact 
crypt: facilities 
cryptanalysis: method 
cryptanalytic: method 
cryptograph: symbol 
cryptographic: method 
cryptographical: method 
cryptography: method 
cryptologic: method 
cryptological: method 
cryptorchidism: disease 
crystal: part 
crystalise: delimit 
crystallisation: AlterForm 
crystallise: delimit 
crystallization: AlterForm 
crystallographer: human 
crystallographically: knowledge 
crystallography: knowledge 
Cs: metal 
csc: symbol 
CSG: weapon 
CSRC: institution 
CT: fact 
ctenidium: part 
CTO: human 
Cu: metal 
Cuba: place 
cubbyhole: tool 
cubes: shape 
cubic: cubic 
cubicle: part 
cubist: human 
cubistic: human 
cubital: part 
cubitus: part 
cuckoo: bird 
cuddle: HoldInArm 
cue: insert 
cufflink: fittings 
cuffs: tool 
Cui: surname 
cuisine: fact 
culdoscope: tool 
culdoscopy: fact 
culex: InsectWorm 
cull: choose 
cullender: tool 
culminate: arrive 
culottes: clothing 
culpa: fact 
culpability: guilty 
culpable: able 
culprit: human 
cult: thinking 
cultism: thinking 
cultivable: able 
cultivar: Kind 
cultivatable: able 
cultivated: artificial 
cultural: AttachmentValue 
culture: mental 
cultus: fact 
culvert: waters 
cum: part 
cumber: obstruct 
cumbersome: trivial 
cumbersomeness: cumbersome 
cumin: material 
cumulate: gather 
cumulation: gather 
cumulative: gather 
cumulonimbus: CloudMist 
cumulostratus: CloudMist 
cumulus: CloudMist 
cunnilinctus: mating 
cunnilingus: mating 
cunning: sly 
cunningly: sly 
cup: tool 
Cupar: place 
cupboard: tool 
cupel: refine 
cupful: NounUnit 
cupidity: acquisitive 
cupola: facilities 
cupping: method 
cuprammonium: chemical 
Cupressaceae: tree 
cupric: PropertyValue 
cuprite: stone 
cupronickel: metal 
cuprous: metal 
cur: livestock 
curability: Possibility 
curable: possible 
curableness: Possibility 
curare: chemical 
curator: human 
curatorship: Occupation 
curb: restrain 
curbstone: material 
curculin: material 
curd: inanimate 
curdle: StateChange 
curet: cut 
curettage: fact 
curette: tool 
curettement: fact 
curfew: fact 
curie: Unit 
curio: treasure 
curiosa: readings 
curiosity: treasure 
curiously: queer 
curium: metal 
curl: part 
curly: curved 
curmudgeonly: fierce 
current: water 
currentness: present 
curriculum: fact 
cursor: part 
cursores: bird 
curt: concise 
curtail: shrink 
curtailment: shrink 
curtain: tool 
curtness: rash 
curtsey: fact 
curvaceoue: beautiful 
curvaceousness: beautiful 
curve: shape 
curved: curved 
curvet: recreation 
curvic: curved 
curvilinear: shape 
curvy: beautiful 
cuscus: beast 
cushion: weaken 
cushy: idle 
cusk: fish 
cusp: part 
cuspid: part 
cuspidor: tool 
cussedly: stubborn 
custard: food 
custodial: TakeCare 
custodian: human 
custom: Habit 
customarily: often 
customer: human 
customhouse: institution 
customise: produce 
customization: produce 
customize: produce 
customized: ProcessingStateValue 
cut: TurnRound 
cutaneous: part 
cutaway: image 
cutback: subtract 
cute: interesting 
cuteness: beautiful 
Cutex: tool 
cuticula: part 
cutinize: ize 
cutis: part 
cutlery: tool 
cutter: part 
cuttlefish: fish 
cutty: LengthShort 
cutworm: InsectWorm 
Cuxhaven: place 
CVBG: weapon 
cwt: Unit 
cyanamid: chemical 
cyanamide: chemical 
cyanide: chemical 
cyanoacrylate: chemical 
cyanobacterial: AlgaeFungi 
cyanogen: chemical 
cyanophore: part 
cyanophyte: AlgaeFungi 
cyanosis: phenomena 
cyanuramide: chemical 
cyber: internet 
cyberattack: damage 
cybercafe: InstitutePlace 
cybercrime: fact 
cyberculture: mental 
cybernate: ize 
cybernetic: knowledge 
cybernetics: knowledge 
cyberpunk: human 
cybersecurity: Safety 
cyberspy: scout 
cyberwar: fact 
cyberwarfare: fact 
Cycadaceae: tree 
cyclamen: FlowerGrass 
cyclic: circulate 
cyclical: circulate 
cyclicity: Frequency 
cycling: fact 
cyclist: human 
cyclone: wind 
cyclopaedia: publications 
cyclopedia: publications 
cyclotron: tool 
cyder: alcohol 
cylindrial: PatternValue 
cylindrical: FormValue 
cylindricality: FormValue 
cylindricalness: FormValue 
cymbals: MusicTool 
cymbibium: FlowerGrass 
cymbidium: FlowerGrass 
cyme: fact 
cynically: eccentric 
cyprinodont: fish 
Cyprus: place 
cyst: disease 
cysthus: part 
cystic: disease 
cysticercus: InsectWorm 
cystine: chemical 
cystitis: disease 
cystocele: disease 
cystography: fact 
cystolith: stone 
cystoscope: tool 
cytoarchitectonic: part 
cytoarchitectural: part 
cytoarchitecture: part 
cytogenetic: knowledge 
cytogenetical: knowledge 
cytogeneticist: human 
cytokinetic: knowledge 
cytologic: knowledge 
cytological: knowledge 
cytologist: human 
cytology: knowledge 
cytolysis: StateChange 
cytolytic: StateChange 
cytomegalic: part 
cytomegalovirus: bacteria 
cytopathogenic: able 
cytoplasm: part 
cytoplasmatic: part 
cytoplasmic: part 
cytoplast: part 
cytoplastic: part 
czar: human 
czarina: human 
czaritza: human 
Czech: place 
Czechoslovakia: place 
Czechoslovakian: human 
Da: surname 
dabble: moisten 
dabbler: human 
Dacca: place 
dace: fish 
dacron: material 
dacryoadenitis: disease 
dactylogram: image 
dactyloscopy: fact 
dad: human 
daddy: human 
dado: part 
Daejeon: place 
daemon: humanized 
daffodil: FlowerGrass 
daft: foolish 
dagger: weapon 
dagoba: facilities 
dagu: shows 
dahlia: FlowerGrass 
Dahoma: place 
Dahomey: place 
Dai: surname 
daily: FrequencyValue 
Daily: publications 
daily: publications 
dainties: edible 
daintily: refined 
daintiness: Hardness 
dairy: edible 
dairying: affairs 
dais: facilities 
daisy: FlowerGrass 
Daixian: place 
Dakar: place 
dal: Unit 
Dali: place 
Dalian: place 
Dallas: place 
dalliance: Bearing 
dally: slack 
dalmatic: clothing 
daltonism: disease 
DAM: manage 
damage: firing 
damaged: incomplete 
damascene: inlay 
Damascus: place 
damask: material 
dame: human 
damn: expression 
damnable: able 
damnably: able 
damnation: ExpressAgainst 
damnatory: able 
damnify: damage 
Damocles: Circumstances 
damp: wet 
dampen: moisten 
damper: tool 
damply: wet 
dampproof: able 
DAMS: software 
damselfish: fish 
damselfly: InsectWorm 
dan: character 
Dan: place 
dancer: human 
Dancheng: place 
dancing: recreation 
dandelion: FlowerGrass 
dander: waste 
dandify: MakeUp 
dandle: tease 
Dandong: place 
dandruff: waste 
dandy: human 
dandyish: fashionable 
danger: Circumstances 
dangerous: dangerous 
dangerously: dangerous 
dangerousness: Circumstances 
dangling: PostureValue 
Dangshan: place 
Dangyang: place 
Daning: place 
Danish: RelatingToCountry 
dankness: wet 
Danmark: place 
Danshui: place 
Dantai: surname 
Dantu: place 
Danube: waters 
Danubian: waters 
Danyang: place 
Dao: surname 
Daoguang: time 
dap: jump 
dapper: tidy 
dapple: livestock 
dappled: colored 
daptomycin: medicine 
Daqing: place 
daraf: Unit 
dare: urge 
Darfur: place 
Dari: language 
daring: brave 
daringly: brave 
dark: NotLight 
darken: AlterBrightness 
darkly: NotLight 
darkness: dark 
darkroom: room 
Darmstadt: place 
darn: repair 
DARPA: institution 
dartboard: SportTool 
Darwin: place 
Darwinism: knowledge 
dash: symbol 
Dashanlan: place 
dashboard: part 
dashcam: tool 
dasheen: part 
Dashiqiao: place 
dashy: flighty 
daskman: human 
dastard: human 
dasymeter: tool 
data: InfoElement 
database: software 
datacentre: facilities 
date: time 
dateless: explain 
dater: tool 
dative: Performance 
Datong: place 
datum: InfoElement 
datura: FlowerGrass 
daub: apply 
dauby: sticky 
daughter: human 
daunt: discourage 
dauntlessly: brave 
Daur: tribe 
daut: stroke 
Davenport: place 
Davos: place 
dawning: happen 
Daxi: surname 
Daxian: place 
Daxing: place 
day: Unit 
daybbok: readings 
daybreak: time 
daycare: InstitutePlace 
daydream: fact 
daydreamer: human 
daylight: time 
daylighting: fact 
daylily: FlowerGrass 
daylong: time 
daymare: phenomena 
daytime: time 
Dayton: place 
daywork: affairs 
daze: illuminate 
dazed: dizzy 
Dazhai: place 
Dazu: place 
dazzle: illuminate 
dazzled: dizzy 
db: Unit 
DC: PropertyValue 
DCG: fact 
DDS: human 
DDT: chemical 
DDVP: chemical 
deaccession: sell 
deacon: human 
deactivate: remove 
dead: inanimate 
deaden: weaken 
deadening: boring 
deadhead: LandVehicle 
deadline: Boundary 
deadlock: phenomena 
deadlocked: difficult 
deadness: inanimate 
deaerate: remove 
deaf: disable 
deafen: disable 
deafening: loud 
deafer: tool 
deal: issue 
dealership: affairs 
dealfish: fish 
deaminate: remove 
deamination: remove 
deaminization: remove 
deaminize: remove 
dean: human 
dearest: intimate 
dearie: human 
dearness: expensive 
death: die 
Death: humanized 
deathbed: Timing 
deathblow: fact 
deathful: able 
deathless: permanent 
deathlike: inactive 
deathly: able 
deathrate: Rate 
debacle: mishap 
debark: arrive 
debarment: obstruct 
debased: fake 
debasing: able 
debatable: able 
debate: fact 
debater: human 
debating: debate 
debauched: lascivious 
debauchee: human 
debaucher: human 
debauchery: fact 
debenture: coupon 
debilitate: frail 
debility: frail 
debit: human 
debonaire: BehaviorValue 
debone: remove 
deboost: SlowDown 
debouch: flow 
debridement: fact 
debrief: ask 
debt: wealth 
debtee: human 
debtor: human 
debugger: software 
debugging: amend 
debunching: chaotic 
debunk: reveal 
debus: leave 
debut: appear 
decade: time 
decadence: BadSocial 
decadent: immoral 
decades: time 
decaffeinate: remove 
decagonal: FormValue 
decal: compile 
decalcify: remove 
decalcomania: compile 
decaliter: Unit 
decalitre: Unit 
decametre: Unit 
decampment: flee 
decant: dump 
decapitate: kill 
decapitation: kill 
decapitator: human 
decarbonate: remove 
decarbonise: remove 
decarbonize: remove 
decarboxylate: remove 
decarburise: remove 
decarburize: remove 
decathlon: fact 
decay: decline 
decayed: OutOfOrder 
decease: die 
decedent: human 
deceit: deceive 
deceitfully: sly 
deceitfulness: sly 
deceive: deceive 
deceiver: human 
deceivingly: able 
decelerate: SlowDown 
decelerator: tool 
December: time 
decency: dignified 
decennary: time 
decennial: FrequencyValue 
decent: qualified 
decently: GoodLooking 
decentralisation: ize 
decentralise: disperse 
decentralization: disperse 
decentralize: disperse 
deceptive: able 
deceptively: able 
decerebrate: remove 
decertify: admit 
dechlorinate: remove 
decibel: Unit 
decidable: able 
decided: fixed 
decidedly: FuncWord 
deciding: important 
decidua: phenomena 
deciduous: disconnect 
deciliter: Unit 
decilitre: Unit 
decimalisation: alter 
decimalism: system 
decimalization: alter 
decimalize: alter 
decimate: destroy 
decimation: destroy 
decimeter: Unit 
decimetre: Unit 
decimillimetre: Unit 
decipher: translate 
decipherment: translate 
decisionmaker: human 
decisionmaking: plans 
decisively: resolute 
decisiveness: Will 
deck: reverse 
declamatory: flighty 
declaration: text 
declarative: Property 
declaredly: overt 
declassified: declassified 
declassify: ize 
declination: result 
declining: BadSocial 
declivitous: slanted 
declivity: tilt 
declivous: slanted 
decoction: produce 
decode: translate 
decoder: software 
decoke: remove 
decollate: kill 
decollete: FormValue 
decolonisation: exempt 
decolonise: exempt 
decolonization: exempt 
decolonize: exempt 
decolor: AlterColor 
decolorise: AlterColor 
decolorize: AlterColor 
decolour: AlterColor 
decolourant: AlterColor 
decolourise: AlterColor 
decolourization: AlterColor 
decolourize: AlterColor 
decommission: withdraw 
decompensation: disease 
decomposability: Property 
decomposable: able 
decomposed: OutOfOrder 
decomposer: tool 
decompound: separate 
decompress: weaken 
decompressing: weaken 
decompression: weaken 
decompressor: tool 
deconcentrate: despise 
deconsecrate: PlayDown 
deconstruct: explain 
deconstruction: explain 
decontaminate: clean 
decontrol: remove 
decorations: tool 
decorative: able 
decorativeness: Ability 
decorator: human 
decorous: polite 
decorticate: StripOff 
decoupage: image 
decouple: separate 
decoy: human 
decrease: subtract 
decree: text 
decrement: exhaust 
decrepit: frail 
decrepitate: cook 
decrescendo: weaken 
decretive: law 
decrial: slander 
decriminalisation: ize 
decriminalise: ize 
decriminalization: ize 
decriminalize: ize 
decry: ExpressAgainst 
decrypt: translate 
decryption: translate 
decubitus: disease 
decussate: BeAcross 
DEd: human 
dedicate: submit 
dedicated: faithful 
dedication: submit 
dedicator: human 
dedifferentiate: distinguish 
deduce: deduce 
deducible: able 
deduct: subtract 
deduction: subtract 
deductive: deduce 
deduplicate: remove 
deduplication: remove 
deem: regard 
deep: strong 
deepen: MakeBetter 
deepfreeze: store 
deeply: strong 
deepmost: deep 
deepness: Abstruseness 
deer: beast 
deerhorn: part 
deerskin: part 
deface: damage 
defacement: damage 
defalcate: steal 
defalcation: steal 
defamation: slander 
defamatory: FriendlinessValue 
defamer: human 
defang: PickOut 
defat: remove 
defeasance: remove 
defeat: result 
defeatism: emotion 
defecation: excrete 
defective: inferior 
defector: human 
defeminise: remove 
defeminize: remove 
defence: refute 
defenceless: PropertyValue 
defender: part 
defenestrate: throw 
defense: defend 
defenseless: defend 
defensibility: Ability 
defensive: Posture 
defensiveness: Ability 
defer: delay 
deferent: transport 
deferential: modest 
deferment: delay 
defervesce: doctor 
defiant: brave 
defibrillate: doctor 
defibrillation: doctor 
defibrillator: tool 
defibrinate: remove 
deficiency: Demerit 
deficient: insufficient 
deficiently: insufficient 
defier: human 
defilade: cover 
defile: slander 
defilement: slander 
definable: able 
definiendum: expression 
definiteness: Accuracy 
definition: information 
definitive: accurate 
definitiveness: Accuracy 
deflagrate: burn 
deflate: CausePartMove 
deflated: disappointed 
deflect: rotate 
deflection: rotate 
deflexion: result 
deflower: damage 
defog: remove 
defoliate: StripOff 
deforest: remove 
deforestation: remove 
deform: FormChange 
deformation: FormChange 
deformed: malformed 
deformity: disease 
defraud: cheat 
defrauder: human 
defray: pay 
defrayal: pay 
defrayment: pay 
defrock: discharge 
defrost: remove 
defroster: tool 
deftness: able 
defunctionalization: remove 
defunctionalize: remove 
defuse: weaken 
degage: free 
degas: remove 
degauss: weaken 
degaussing: weaken 
degeneracy: decline 
degenerate: immoral 
deglaze: StateChange 
deglycerolise: remove 
deglycerolize: remove 
degradable: able 
degradation: weaken 
degrading: despicable 
degrease: remove 
degum: separate 
degust: savor 
dehisce: FormChange 
dehorn: remove 
dehortation: obstruct 
DEHP: chemical 
Dehui: place 
dehumanisation: remove 
dehumanise: remove 
dehumanization: remove 
dehumanize: remove 
dehumidify: remove 
dehydrogenate: remove 
dehydrogenation: remove 
deice: remove 
deification: ize 
deify: ize 
deign: MakeLower 
deil: humanized 
deionize: remove 
deity: humanized 
deject: discourage 
dejected: upset 
dejection: excrement 
dejeuner: fact 
dekaliter: Unit 
dekalitre: Unit 
delapidate: decline 
delate: accuse 
Delaware: place 
Delawarean: human 
Delawarian: human 
delay: SelfMove 
delectability: GoodTaste 
delectation: joyful 
delegation: community 
delete: remove 
deletion: remove 
Delhi: place 
deliberately: intentional 
deliberateness: idle 
deliberations: fact 
deliberative: discuss 
delicacies: edible 
delicate: unhealthy 
delicately: refined 
delicatessen: edible 
deliciousness: GoodTaste 
delict: fact 
delighted: joyful 
delightedly: joyful 
delightfully: attractive 
Delilah: humanized 
delimit: delimit 
delimitate: delimit 
delineate: draw 
deliquesce: StateChange 
deliquescence: StateChange 
deliquescent: StateChange 
delirious: ardent 
deliriously: ardent 
delirium: text 
delist: discharge 
deliver: submit 
deliverance: rescue 
delivery: transmit 
deliveryman: human 
Dell: computer 
Delmenhorst: place 
delocalize: TakeAway 
delouse: remove 
delphinium: FlowerGrass 
Delta: Name 
deltaic: FormValue 
deluge: water 
delusive: fake 
delusory: able 
deluxe: luxurious 
delve: research 
demagnetise: remove 
demagnetization: weaken 
demand: seek 
demandant: human 
demanding: urgent 
demarcate: delimit 
demasculinise: remove 
demasculinize: remove 
dematerialise: remove 
dematerialize: remove 
demean: PlayDown 
demeaning: modest 
demeaningly: modest 
demeanour: Demeanor 
demented: mad 
dementia: disease 
demerit: Demerit 
demigod: humanized 
demilitarise: remove 
demilitarize: remove 
demilune: celestial 
demineralisation: remove 
demineralise: remove 
demineralization: remove 
demineralize: remove 
demission: cease 
demist: remove 
demit: abandon 
demob: discharge 
demobilisation: discharge 
demobilise: discharge 
demobilization: discharge 
demobilize: discharge 
democracy: system 
democrat: human 
democratic: fair 
democratically: fair 
democratisation: ize 
democratise: ize 
democratism: thinking 
democratization: ize 
democratize: ize 
demoded: unfashionable 
demodulate: distinguish 
demodulator: tool 
demographer: human 
demographic: knowledge 
demographist: human 
demography: knowledge 
demon: humanized 
demonetise: cease 
demonetize: cease 
demoniacal: Attitude 
demonisation: ize 
demonise: ize 
demonization: ize 
demonize: ize 
demonstrable: able 
demonstrably: lucid 
demonstrant: human 
demonstrate: uprise 
demonstrator: human 
demoralisation: ize 
demoralise: PlayDown 
demoralization: ize 
demoralized: disheartened 
demote: degrade 
demotic: popular 
demotion: degrade 
demount: dismantle 
demulsify: remove 
demure: dignified 
demyelinate: remove 
demystify: ize 
demythologisation: remove 
demythologise: remove 
demythologization: remove 
demythologize: remove 
denationalise: ize 
denationalization: ize 
denationalize: ize 
denaturalise: ize 
denaturalize: ize 
denaturate: AlterAttribute 
denaturation: AlterAttribute 
denature: AlterAttribute 
denatured: OutOfOrder 
denazification: remove 
denazify: remove 
dendrite: part 
dendroid: FormValue 
dendroidal: FormValue 
denegation: deny 
Deng: surname 
dengue: disease 
Dengzhou: place 
deniable: able 
denier: human 
denigrate: slander 
denigrative: FriendlinessValue 
denigrator: human 
denim: material 
Denisovan: human 
denitrify: remove 
denizen: human 
Denmark: place 
denominate: naming 
denomination: naming 
denominator: symbol 
denotation: mean 
denotative: superficial 
denote: mean 
denouncement: ExpressAgainst 
densely: exuberant 
densimeter: tool 
densitometer: tool 
densitometry: fact 
dental: part 
dentate: FormValue 
dented: dented 
dentiform: GeoIrregular 
dentifrice: tool 
dentist: human 
dentistry: knowledge 
denturist: human 
denuclearization: CauseToDo 
denuclearize: CauseToDo 
denudate: StripOff 
denudation: break 
denunciation: ExpressAgainst 
Denver: place 
deny: deny 
deodor: remove 
deodorise: remove 
deodorize: remove 
deodourant: medicine 
deodourise: remove 
deoil: remove 
deoxidise: remove 
deoxidize: remove 
deoxyadenosine: chemical 
deoxycytidine: chemical 
deoxyephedrine: medicine 
deoxygenate: remove 
deoxyguanosine: chemical 
deoxyribose: part 
deoxythymidine: chemical 
departmental: part 
dependability: Reliability 
dependable: steady 
dependableness: Reliability 
dependant: human 
dependence: Property 
dependency: place 
dependent: human 
depersonalisation: remove 
depersonalise: remove 
depersonalization: remove 
depersonalize: remove 
dephlogisticate: restrain 
depict: describe 
depiction: describe 
depicture: describe 
depilate: remove 
depilation: remove 
deplane: leave 
depletion: exhaust 
deplorable: miserable 
deplorably: miserable 
deploy: arrange 
deplumate: StripOff 
depolarisation: remove 
depolarise: remove 
depolarization: remove 
depolarize: remove 
depone: swear 
depopulate: subtract 
depopulation: subtract 
deport: expel 
deportation: expel 
deportee: human 
deportment: fact 
deposal: dismiss 
depose: swear 
deposit: wealth 
depositary: human 
deposition: stay 
depositor: human 
depository: facilities 
depot: facilities 
depravation: become 
deprave: become 
depraved: immoral 
depravity: become 
deprecate: oppose 
deprecating: PlayDown 
deprecation: oppose 
deprecative: PlayDown 
deprecatively: PlayDown 
deprecatory: PlayDown 
depreciation: PlayDown 
depreciative: PlayDown 
depreciator: human 
depredate: rob 
depress: restrain 
depressing: stuffy 
Depression: fact 
depressive: sad 
depressurise: MakeLower 
depressurize: MakeLower 
deprival: deprive 
deprivation: deprive 
deprive: deprive 
deprofessionalize: ize 
deprogram: resist 
depthometer: tool 
depths: location 
depurant: chemical 
depurative: chemical 
depurge: exempt 
deputation: community 
depute: entrust 
deputise: mean 
deputize: mean 
deputy: secondary 
deracinate: PickOut 
derail: leave 
derailment: leave 
derange: MakeTrouble 
deranged: mad 
derate: subtract 
derecognise: admit 
derecognize: admit 
dereliction: abandon 
derequisition: remove 
derestrict: exempt 
deride: mock 
derision: mock 
derisive: unfriendly 
derisively: unfriendly 
derisorily: unfriendly 
derisory: wrong 
derive: ResultIn 
derma: part 
dermatitis: disease 
dermatologist: human 
dermatology: knowledge 
dermatoneuritis: disease 
dermatopathy: disease 
dermatoscope: tool 
dermatosis: disease 
dermestidae: InsectWorm 
dermis: part 
dermoscopic: tool 
dermoscopy: fact 
derogate: remove 
derogatory: FriendlinessValue 
DES: physical 
desacralize: BeRecovered 
desalinise: remove 
descale: remove 
descant: sing 
descend: GoDown 
descendant: human 
descendants: human 
descendent: ResultFrom 
descension: GoDown 
descensus: GoDown 
descent: GoDown 
descriptive: able 
descry: perception 
desecrate: PlayDown 
desecration: PlayDown 
desegregation: merge 
desensitisation: remove 
desensitise: remove 
desensitization: remove 
desensitize: remove 
desert: land 
desertificate: ize 
desertification: ize 
desertization: ize 
deserve: worth 
deserved: reasonable 
deservingness: Merit 
desex: ize 
desexualise: ize 
desexualize: ize 
desiccation: ill 
desiderate: need 
desideratum: thing 
designated: specific 
designer: human 
designing: plan 
desirableness: Ability 
desire: willing 
desist: GiveUp 
Desjardins: InstitutePlace 
desk: furniture 
desktop: PatternValue 
desolation: desolate 
desorb: release 
despair: disappointed 
despatch: transport 
despicability: despicable 
despicable: despicable 
despicableness: despicable 
despicably: despicable 
despise: despise 
despite: FuncWord 
despoil: occupy 
despond: disappointed 
despondence: disheartened 
despondency: disheartened 
despondent: upset 
despotic: autocratic 
despotically: autocratic 
desquamate: StripOff 
Dessau: place 
dessert: food 
dessertspoon: tool 
destabilisation: ize 
destabilise: ize 
destabilization: ize 
destabilize: ize 
destabilizing: peaceful 
destain: AlterColor 
destalinisation: remove 
destalinise: remove 
destalinization: remove 
destalinize: remove 
destination: location 
destine: admit 
destined: possible 
destitute: poor 
destress: weaken 
destruct: destroy 
destructibility: Ability 
destructive: disadvantageous 
destructiveness: Disadvantage 
desulfurise: remove 
desulfurize: remove 
desulphurization: remove 
desynchronisation: Sequence 
desynchronise: happen 
desynchronization: Sequence 
desynchronize: happen 
desynchronizing: Sequence 
detach: dispatch 
detachable: able 
detailed: detailed 
detain: detain 
detainee: human 
detector: tool 
detente: weaken 
deter: obstruct 
deterdent: chemical 
deterge: clean 
detergence: Ability 
detergency: Ability 
deteriorate: OutOfOrder 
determinate: accurate 
determination: judge 
determined: resolute 
determinedly: resolute 
determiner: cause 
determining: important 
determinism: thinking 
determinist: human 
deterministic: accurate 
deterrent: frighten 
detestably: able 
detestation: hate 
dethaw: StateChange 
dethronement: dismiss 
detick: destroy 
detonate: lighting 
detonation: lighting 
detour: method 
detox: InstitutePlace 
detoxicate: remove 
detoxification: doctor 
detoxify: remove 
detract: PlayDown 
detraction: PlayDown 
detractor: human 
detrain: leave 
detransitivise: ize 
detransitivize: ize 
detrimental: disadvantageous 
detritus: part 
Detroit: place 
deuteranopia: disease 
deuterate: ize 
deuteride: chemical 
deuterium: chemical 
deuterize: ize 
deuteron: part 
deutschland: place 
Deutschmark: money 
devaluate: BecomeLess 
devaluation: BecomeLess 
devalue: BecomeLess 
develop: produce 
developed: progressive 
development: produce 
developmental: CauseToGrow 
deviance: Circumstances 
deviate: disobey 
device: plans 
devilfish: fish 
devilment: fact 
devilpepper: FlowerGrass 
devilry: fact 
deviltry: fact 
devious: honest 
deviously: honest 
deviser: human 
devitalisation: weaken 
devitalise: weaken 
devitalization: weaken 
devitalize: weaken 
devitrify: remove 
devoid: lack 
devolution: SelfMove 
Devonian: time 
devote: submit 
devoted: faithful 
devotedly: earnest 
devour: swallow 
devout: earnest 
devoutly: earnest 
devoutness: earnest 
dew: RainSnow 
Dewar: tool 
dewater: remove 
dewdrop: RainSnow 
Dexing: place 
dexterity: dexterous 
dexterous: nimble 
dexterously: nimble 
dextroglucose: chemical 
dextrorotary: right 
dextrorotatory: right 
dextrose: material 
Deyang: place 
Dezhou: place 
Dhaka: place 
Dharamsala: place 
DHL: fact 
DHS: part 
Dhyana: knowledge 
dhyana: knowledge 
Di: surname 
diabetes: disease 
diabolo: tool 
diachronic: asynchronous 
diachronism: Sequence 
diachrony: knowledge 
diaeresis: symbol 
diagnose: diagnose 
diagnosis: diagnose 
diagnostics: knowledge 
diagonal: symbol 
diagonalisation: TakeAway 
diagonalise: TakeAway 
diagonalization: TakeAway 
diagonalize: TakeAway 
dial: turn 
dialectal: language 
dialectic: reasonable 
dialectical: reasonable 
dialectics: knowledge 
dialectis: knowledge 
dialog: talk 
dialogite: stone 
dialytic: fact 
dialyzer: tool 
diam: Distance 
diamagnet: physical 
diamagnetic: physical 
diamagnetism: Performance 
diamagnetize: ize 
diameter: Distance 
diametrically: wholly 
diamond: shape 
Diana: human 
Diao: surname 
Diaobingshan: place 
Diaoyu: land 
diaper: tool 
diaphoresis: excrete 
diaphragmatic: part 
diaphysis: part 
diapophysis: part 
diarchy: system 
diarrhea: phenomena 
diarrhoea: phenomena 
diarthrosis: part 
diastalsis: crawl 
diastasis: wounded 
diastema: disease 
diastole: CausePartMove 
diastolic: CausePartMove 
diathermancy: Performance 
diathermaneity: Performance 
diathesis: Prospect 
diatom: AlgaeFungi 
diazo: chemical 
dib: catch 
dibble: planting 
dibbuk: humanized 
dice: tool 
dicey: dangerous 
dichasium: fact 
dichloride: chemical 
dichlorvos: chemical 
dichotomisation: separate 
dichotomise: separate 
dichotomization: separate 
dichotomize: separate 
dichotomy: fact 
dichromacy: disease 
dichromasy: disease 
dichromate: chemical 
dichromatic: colored 
dichromatism: disease 
dichromia: disease 
dichromism: disease 
Dickens: human 
dicker: exchange 
dickeybird: bird 
dickybird: bird 
dictation: speak 
dictator: human 
dictatorially: autocratic 
dictatorship: system 
diction: method 
dictionary: publications 
dictum: expression 
dicyanogen: chemical 
didder: shiver 
diddly: Amount 
diddlyshit: Amount 
dido: plans 
diehard: human 
dielectric: physical 
diene: chemical 
dieresis: symbol 
diestrum: time 
diestrus: time 
dietary: edible 
dieter: human 
dietetics: knowledge 
diethylstilbestrol: physical 
diethylstilboestrol: physical 
dietician: human 
dieting: subtract 
dietitian: human 
differ: differ 
different: different 
differentia: Property 
differential: Rate 
differentiation: distinguish 
differently: different 
difficult: vague 
difficulties: Easiness 
difficultness: Effortfulness 
diffraction: illuminate 
diffuse: spread 
dig: dig 
digest: understand 
digestant: medicine 
digestible: able 
digestion: digest 
digital: symbol 
digitalis: FlowerGrass 
digitalization: ize 
digitalize: ize 
digitigrade: animal 
digitization: ize 
digitize: ize 
diglycol: chemical 
Digne: place 
dignify: famous 
dignitary: human 
dignity: Reputation 
digression: text 
Dijon: place 
dike: facilities 
dilapidate: decline 
dilapidated: incomplete 
dilapidation: decline 
dilatation: enlarge 
dilation: explain 
dilemma: Circumstances 
dilettante: human 
Dili: place 
diligence: diligent 
diligent: diligent 
diligently: diligent 
diluent: chemical 
dilutant: chemical 
dilute: watery 
diluted: watery 
diluvium: part 
dimension: Size 
dimensional: Size 
dimensionality: Dimensionality 
dimensions: Range 
dimethoxymethane: chemical 
diminish: subtract 
diminutive: small 
diminutiveness: small 
dimity: artifact 
dimly: vague 
dimmed: blurred 
dimout: phenomena 
dimple: part 
dimwit: human 
din: cry 
dine: eat 
dinergate: InsectWorm 
dinette: room 
Ding: surname 
dinge: ize 
dingey: ship 
dinghy: ship 
Dingnan: place 
dingo: beast 
Dingxi: place 
Dingxian: place 
Dingxiang: place 
Dingyuan: place 
dinified: dignified 
dining: eat 
dininghall: room 
diningroom: room 
DINK: family 
dinnertime: time 
dinosaur: beast 
dint: depend 
Dinzhou: place 
diode: part 
dioecious: animate 
dioecism: animate 
diol: chemical 
diopter: Property 
dioptre: Property 
dioxide: chemical 
dioxin: chemical 
dip: soak 
diphtheria: disease 
diphthongise: ize 
diphthongize: ize 
diplococcus: bacteria 
diploma: document 
diplomat: human 
diplomatic: affairs 
diplomatically: international 
diplomatist: human 
diplopod: InsectWorm 
dipper: tool 
diproleandomycin: medicine 
diprotodon: beast 
dire: able 
direct: PropertyValue 
direction: readings 
directive: text 
directly: direct 
directorate: institution 
directory: document 
direful: able 
dirge: music 
dirham: money 
Dirham: money 
dirithromycin: medicine 
dirk: weapon 
dirtiness: lascivious 
dirty: pollute 
Dis: place 
disability: disable 
disabled: disable 
disablement: disable 
disabuse: amend 
disaccharide: chemical 
disaccord: discordant 
disaffect: separate 
disaffiliate: separate 
disaffirm: deny 
disafforest: remove 
disagree: FitNot 
disagreeable: disobey 
disagreeableness: unfriendly 
disagreeably: able 
disagreement: FitNot 
disallow: prohibit 
disambiguate: remove 
disambiguation: remove 
disannul: remove 
disappear: disappear 
disappearance: disappear 
disappointed: disappointed 
disappointingly: inferior 
disarrange: MakeTrouble 
disarticulate: separate 
disassemble: dismantle 
disassembly: dismantle 
disaster: mishap 
disastrous: miserable 
disavow: deny 
disavowal: deny 
disband: separate 
disbelief: emotion 
disbelieve: doubt 
disbelieving: doubt 
disbranch: cut 
disbud: die 
disburden: unload 
disbursement: expenditure 
discard: remove 
discase: StripOff 
disceptation: debate 
discern: perception 
discernability: able 
discernibility: Performance 
discernible: able 
discerning: wise 
discernment: perception 
discerp: dismantle 
discharge: unload 
disciform: round 
disciplinary: regulation 
discipline: teach 
disciplined: disciplined 
disciplines: part 
disclaim: deny 
disclose: reveal 
disclosure: reveal 
discography: document 
discolor: AppearanceChange 
discolorise: AlterColor 
discolorize: AlterColor 
discolour: AppearanceChange 
discolourise: AlterColor 
discolourize: AlterColor 
discombobulate: MakeMisunderstand 
discommode: MakeTrouble 
discompose: uneasy 
disconcerting: shy 
disconnection: separate 
disconsolate: sad 
disconsolateness: disheartened 
discontented: unsatisfied 
discontentedness: emotion 
discontentment: emotion 
discontinuance: cease 
discord: antagonistic 
discordance: discordant 
discotheque: InstitutePlace 
discount: subtract 
discountenance: obstruct 
discouraged: disheartened 
discouragement: fact 
discourse: text 
discoverable: able 
discredit: PlayDown 
discreditable: disgraced 
discreditably: disgraced 
discreet: cautious 
discreetly: cautious 
discrepancy: Similarity 
discrepant: Similarity 
discrete: individual 
discretion: Properness 
discretional: free 
discretionary: free 
discriminable: able 
discriminant: expression 
discriminate: distinguish 
discriminative: able 
discriminatorily: biased 
discriminatory: biased 
discursive: unattached 
discursively: unattached 
discus: SportTool 
discussant: human 
disdain: despise 
disdainful: despise 
disdainfulness: arrogant 
disease: disease 
diseased: ill 
disembark: arrive 
disembarrass: disconnect 
disembody: disconnect 
disembogue: spill 
disembosom: reveal 
disembowel: remove 
disembroil: disconnect 
disemployed: lose 
disenable: remove 
disenchant: understand 
disencumber: disconnect 
disenfranchise: deprive 
disentangle: disconnect 
disenthral: CauseToDo 
disenthrall: CauseToDo 
disenthrone: dismiss 
disenthronement: dismiss 
disentitle: deprive 
disentomb: dig 
disentwine: handle 
disequilibrium: balanced 
disestablish: remove 
disestimation: despise 
disfavor: damage 
disfeature: damage 
disforest: remove 
disformity: malformed 
disfranchise: deprive 
disfranchisement: deprive 
disgorgement: vomit 
disgraceful: disgraced 
disgracefully: disgraced 
disgracefulness: disgraced 
disgruntle: unsatisfied 
disgust: emotion 
disgusting: stinky 
disgustingly: able 
dish: tool 
dishabille: sloppy 
disharmonic: inharmonious 
disharmonious: inharmonious 
disharmonize: ize 
disharmony: inharmonious 
dishclosh: tool 
dishcloth: tool 
dishearten: discourage 
disheartenment: disappointed 
dished: GoDown 
dishevel: ize 
disheveled: flighty 
dishevle: MakeTrouble 
dishful: NounUnit 
dishonor: disgraced 
dishonorable: disgraced 
dishonorableness: disgraced 
dishonorably: disgraced 
dishonourable: immoral 
dishonourableness: disgraced 
dishpan: tool 
dishrag: tool 
dishware: tool 
disillusion: understand 
disincarnate: ize 
disincline: unwilling 
disincorporate: remove 
disinfect: kill 
disinfectant: chemical 
disinfection: kill 
disinfest: destroy 
disinfestant: chemical 
disinflation: restrain 
disingenuous: frivolous 
disintegrate: separate 
disintegration: separate 
disinter: dig 
disinterested: unselfish 
disinterment: dig 
disinvest: TakeBack 
disinvestment: TakeBack 
disinvolve: disconnect 
disjoin: separate 
disjoint: separate 
disjunction: separate 
disjunctive: PropertyValue 
disk: tool 
diskette: tool 
dislocation: wounded 
dislogistic: PropertyValue 
disloyalty: emotion 
dismally: dark 
dismember: separate 
dismemberment: separate 
dismissal: reject 
dismissive: refuse 
Disneyland: facilities 
disobedience: disobey 
disobey: disobey 
disoblige: disappointed 
disorderliness: sloppy 
disorganisation: MakeTrouble 
disorganise: MakeTrouble 
disorganization: MakeTrouble 
disorganize: MakeTrouble 
disorganized: inconsistent 
disorient: ignorant 
disorientate: ignorant 
disorientation: ignorant 
disoriented: dizzy 
disown: deny 
disparage: PlayDown 
disparager: human 
disparity: Similarity 
dispassion: fair 
dispassionate: indifferent 
dispassionateness: fair 
dispatch: text 
dispatches: document 
dispel: remove 
dispensable: unnecessary 
dispensary: InstitutePlace 
dispensation: dispatch 
dispersive: PropertyValue 
dispirit: discourage 
dispiritedness: joyful 
dispite: despise 
display: tool 
displease: ize 
displeased: unsatisfied 
displeasure: joyful 
disport: recreation 
disposal: arrange 
dispose: sell 
disposition: Behavior 
dispossess: deprive 
dispossessed: miserable 
dispossession: deprive 
dispraise: ExpressAgainst 
dispread: disperse 
disproof: information 
disproportional: suitable 
disproportionate: suitable 
disproval: refute 
disprove: refute 
disputable: able 
disputant: human 
disputation: debate 
disputatiously: PropertyValue 
disputative: FondOf 
disputed: able 
disqualification: disobey 
disquiet: uneasy 
disquieted: uneasy 
disquisition: text 
disrate: degrade 
disregard: despise 
disreputability: disgraced 
disreputable: disgraced 
disreputableness: disgraced 
disreputably: disgraced 
disrepute: Reputation 
disrespect: impolite 
disrespectful: impolite 
disrobe: StripOff 
disrupt: obstruct 
disruption: obstruct 
disruptive: chaotic 
diss: damage 
dissatisfaction: emotion 
dissatisfied: unsatisfied 
dissatisfy: unsatisfied 
dissect: split 
dissection: split 
dissector: tool 
disseminate: disseminate 
dissension: Divergence 
dissenter: human 
dissentient: antagonistic 
dissentious: able 
dissert: explain 
dissertate: explain 
dissertation: text 
disserve: damage 
disservice: damage 
dissever: separate 
dissidence: thought 
dissimilar: different 
dissimilarity: Similarity 
dissimilate: differ 
dissimilation: ize 
dissimulatation: HideTruth 
dissimulate: HideTruth 
dissimulator: human 
dissipate: expel 
dissipation: exhaust 
dissocial: treacherous 
dissoluteness: lascivious 
dissolution: separate 
dissolvent: chemical 
dissolver: chemical 
dissonance: inharmonious 
dissonant: inharmonious 
dissonate: ize 
dissuade: obstruct 
dissuasion: obstruct 
dissyllable: part 
distal: part 
distantly: far 
distastefulness: able 
distemper: disease 
distich: text 
distil: refine 
distill: refine 
distillate: chemical 
distillatory: tool 
distillery: InstitutePlace 
distillment: refine 
distinction: Similarity 
distinctive: unique 
distinctively: unique 
distinctiveness: Peculiarity 
distinctly: lucid 
distinctness: Peculiarity 
distinguish: distinguish 
distinguishability: Ability 
distinguishable: lucid 
distinguished: great 
distorted: malformed 
distortionist: human 
distracted: upset 
distrain: levy 
distrainment: levy 
distraint: levy 
distraught: BeUnable 
distress: sorrowful 
distressed: sorrowful 
distressful: miserable 
distributary: waters 
distributer: human 
distributional: dispatch 
distributor: InstitutePlace 
district: place 
distrub: MakeTrouble 
distrust: emotion 
distrustfulness: emotion 
disturbed: uneasy 
disturbing: able 
disunify: dismantle 
disunion: separate 
disunite: separate 
disunity: Circumstances 
disutility: Effectivity 
disvalue: despise 
disyllabic: PropertyValue 
disyllable: part 
ditch: waters 
ditches: facilities 
dither: shiver 
ditto: alike 
ditty: SoundQuality 
diuresis: urge 
diuretic: medicine 
diuretics: medicine 
diurnal: FrequencyValue 
divagate: disobey 
divalent: able 
divarication: FormChange 
diver: human 
diverge: disperse 
divergence: Similarity 
diverse: various 
diverseness: Kind 
diversification: ize 
diversified: various 
diversify: ize 
diversion: TakeAway 
divert: TakeAway 
diverted: PropertyValue 
diverticulosis: disease 
diverticulum: part 
divertimento: music 
divest: TakeBack 
dividers: tool 
Divine: humanized 
diving: fact 
divinity: humanized 
divisible: able 
division: separate 
divisional: part 
divisive: able 
divisor: symbol 
divorce: divorce 
divorcee: human 
divulge: reveal 
divulgence: reveal 
divulsion: location 
divvy: dispatch 
Diwali: time 
dizen: decorate 
dizziness: dizzy 
dizzy: dizzy 
dj: human 
Djakarta: place 
DJI: symbol 
Djiboutian: RelatingToCountry 
Djumah: fact 
dkl: Unit 
dl: Unit 
DMD: human 
DNA: part 
doable: possible 
Dobra: money 
doc: human 
docile: docile 
docility: docile 
dock: subtract 
dockage: facilities 
docker: human 
docket: text 
dockhand: human 
docking: stay 
dockyard: InstitutePlace 
doctor: doctor 
Doctor: human 
doctoral: human 
doctorate: Status 
doctorial: human 
doctrinaire: human 
doctrinairism: text 
doctrinal: knowledge 
doctrine: thinking 
docudrama: shows 
document: write 
documental: true 
documentary: shows 
documentation: explain 
DoD: part 
doddering: frail 
doddery: frail 
dodge: evade 
Dodgem: tool 
dodger: food 
dodgy: dangerous 
doe: beast 
doer: thing 
doff: StripOff 
dog: livestock 
dogfight: fight 
dogfish: fish 
doggedly: resolute 
doggedness: Resoluteness 
doggerel: text 
doggie: livestock 
doggy: livestock 
doghouse: house 
dogma: thinking 
dogmatic: biased 
dogmatical: biased 
dogmatise: explain 
dogmatism: thinking 
dogmatize: explain 
dogsled: TakeVehicle 
dogtooth: part 
Doha: place 
dole: mishap 
Dollar: money 
dollarfish: fish 
dolliculitis: disease 
dollop: Amount 
dolly: TakeAway 
dolomite: stone 
dolor: emotion 
dolour: emotion 
dolphin: beast 
dolphinfish: fish 
dolt: human 
dome: part 
domestic: ordinary 
domesticate: cultivate 
domestication: cultivate 
domesticise: cultivate 
domesticity: fact 
domesticize: cultivate 
domiciliate: reside 
dominate: control 
dominating: autocratic 
domineeringly: autocratic 
domineeringness: autocratic 
Dominica: place 
dominion: Power 
domino: tool 
don: PutOn 
Don: waters 
donate: donate 
Donbas: place 
Donbass: place 
done: processed 
Dongcheng: place 
Dongchuan: place 
Dongdan: place 
Dongfang: surname 
Dongguan: place 
Dongguo: surname 
Donghaixian: place 
Dongmen: surname 
Dongmending: place 
Dongning: place 
Dongs: tribe 
Dongsheng: place 
Dongying: place 
donkey: livestock 
donkeywork: affairs 
donut: food 
doodad: thing 
doodle: draw 
doodlebug: InsectWorm 
doofus: human 
doohickey: thing 
doojigger: thing 
doom: time 
doorbell: tool 
doorcase: part 
doorframe: part 
doorhandle: part 
doorjamb: part 
doorknob: part 
doorlock: part 
doorman: human 
doormat: tool 
doornail: tool 
doorplate: mark 
doorpost: part 
doorsill: part 
doorway: location 
DOP: chemical 
dope: use 
doper: human 
dorado: fish 
dorm: house 
dormant: sleep 
dormitory: house 
dormouse: beast 
dorsal: DirectioningValue 
Dortmund: place 
dosage: Amount 
dosshouse: InstitutePlace 
dossier: document 
Dostoevski: human 
Dostoevsky: human 
Dostoyevsky: human 
dot: trace 
dote: like 
Dou: surname 
doubleness: KindValue 
doubles: fact 
doubtful: doubt 
douche: wash 
dough: material 
doughnut: food 
doughty: brave 
dovetail: proper 
dovishness: Behavior 
dowel: tool 
dower: GiveAsGift 
down: part 
downdraft: gas 
downfall: perish 
downgoing: forward 
downgrade: degrade 
downheartedness: joyful 
downing: GoDown 
downlike: fine 
download: transmit 
downpipe: part 
downplay: PlayDown 
downpour: RainSnow 
downright: pure 
downriver: forward 
downside: disadvantageous 
downspout: part 
downstair: location 
downstream: forward 
downtime: time 
downtown: part 
downward: location 
downwardly: beneath 
downwards: beneath 
downwind: PositioningValue 
downy: fine 
dowry: physical 
dowse: spray 
doxy: human 
doze: sleep 
dozen: NounUnit 
dozens: cardinal 
dozer: LandVehicle 
DPA: institution 
DPP: community 
DPRK: place 
DQ: Rank 
Drachma: money 
Draco: celestial 
draff: waste 
drafting: write 
draftsperson: human 
drag: pull 
draggingly: effortful 
draggle: pollute 
dragon: beast 
dragonfly: InsectWorm 
drain: remove 
drainage: doctor 
drake: bird 
drama: shows 
dramaitise: boast 
dramaitize: boast 
dramatic: important 
dramatically: very 
dramatics: affairs 
dramatist: human 
dramaturgy: affairs 
drape: PutOn 
draper: human 
drastical: important 
drastically: strong 
draught: wind 
draughtsman: human 
draw: TakeOutOfWater 
drawback: Demerit 
drawbridge: bridge 
drawer: part 
drawers: clothing 
drawing: image 
drawknife: tool 
drawl: speak 
drawnwork: tool 
dreadfulness: able 
dream: think 
dreamfully: absentminded 
dreamily: absentminded 
dreaming: phenomena 
dreamworld: Scene 
dreamy: absentminded 
drearily: desolate 
dreariness: stuffy 
dreck: artifact 
dredge: dredge 
dreg: waste 
dregs: waste 
drench: soak 
drenched: wet 
Dresden: place 
dressage: fact 
dresser: tool 
dressmaker: human 
dribble: spray 
driblet: water 
drier: tool 
drift: SelfMoveInManner 
drifter: human 
drill: tool 
drillmaster: human 
drink: drinks 
drinker: human 
driping: beneath 
drippiness: passionate 
dripping: material 
drippings: material 
drippy: passionate 
drivel: TalkNonsense 
driver: part 
driverless: automatic 
drizzlingly: weak 
drizzly: weak 
drogue: tool 
dromedary: beast 
drool: part 
droop: GoDown 
droopy: GoDown 
drop: unload 
dropforge: produce 
dropkick: kick 
droplet: water 
dropout: withdraw 
dropper: tool 
droppings: excrement 
drosophila: InsectWorm 
dross: waste 
drought: weather 
drowning: undergo 
drowse: sleep 
drowsily: CircumstancesValue 
drowsiness: willing 
drowsing: CircumstancesValue 
drowsy: willing 
drub: defeat 
drudgery: affairs 
drugpusher: human 
drugstore: InstitutePlace 
drumbeat: sound 
drumfish: fish 
drummer: human 
drumstick: MusicTool 
drunkard: human 
drunken: dizzy 
drunkenly: CircumstancesValue 
drupe: part 
dryad: humanized 
dryer: tool 
drygoods: artifact 
dryness: dried 
DST: system 
Du: surname 
dualism: knowledge 
duality: Property 
Duan: surname 
Duangan: surname 
Duanmu: surname 
duazomycin: medicine 
Dubai: place 
dubious: queer 
Dublin: place 
duchess: human 
duchy: place 
duck: part 
duckling: bird 
duckweed: FlowerGrass 
duct: part 
ductile: able 
ductility: Adaptability 
dud: fail 
dude: human 
dudgeon: emotion 
dueler: human 
duelist: human 
dueller: human 
duellist: human 
dues: expenditure 
duet: fact 
duette: fact 
duffel: tool 
duffle: tool 
dugong: beast 
dugout: facilities 
Duisburg: place 
Dujiangyan: place 
duke: human 
dulcet: euphonious 
dulcify: AlterProperty 
dulcimer: MusicTool 
dulcorate: AlterProperty 
dull: wane 
duly: punctual 
Duma: institution 
dumb: silent 
dumbbell: SportTool 
dumbfound: MakeMisunderstand 
dumbly: silent 
dumbstruck: stupefied 
dumdum: weapon 
Dumfries: place 
dummy: human 
dumpcart: LandVehicle 
dumper: LandVehicle 
dumpy: fat 
dunce: human 
Dundee: place 
dunderhead: human 
dune: part 
dung: material 
dungaree: material 
dungeon: InstitutePlace 
dunghill: excrement 
Dunhua: place 
Dunhuang: place 
dunk: shoot 
Dunkerque: place 
duo: fact 
duodenal: part 
duodenum: part 
duologue: text 
dupery: cheat 
duplex: house 
duplication: repeat 
duplicator: tool 
duplicitous: dishonest 
duplicity: Behavior 
durability: GoodBad 
durables: artifact 
duraiton: time 
duramater: part 
durative: Property 
Durham: place 
durian: fruit 
durum: crop 
Dusanbe: place 
Dushanbe: place 
dusky: dark 
dust: waste 
dustbin: tool 
dustcart: LandVehicle 
dustcloth: tool 
dustcoat: clothing 
duster: tool 
dustman: human 
dustmop: tool 
dustpan: tool 
dustpanful: NounUnit 
dustproof: able 
dustrag: tool 
duststorm: wind 
dusty: dirty 
Dutchman: human 
duteous: faithful 
duties: affairs 
dutiful: faithful 
duty: expenditure 
DVD: tool 
dwarfish: StatureShort 
dwarfishness: StatureShort 
DWD: fact 
dweeb: human 
dwell: reside 
dweller: human 
dwelling: place 
Dy: metal 
dyad: inanimate 
dyarchy: system 
dybbuk: humanized 
dye: material 
dyestuff: material 
dying: BeNear 
dyke: facilities 
dynamical: SituationValue 
dynamically: strong 
dynamicist: human 
dynamise: CauseToLive 
dynamism: Life 
dynamite: weapon 
dynamiter: human 
dynamize: CauseToLive 
dynastic: time 
dynasty: time 
dyne: Unit 
dysentery: disease 
dysfunction: disease 
dysfunctional: disease 
dysgenesis: disease 
dysgenics: knowledge 
dyslogistic: PropertyValue 
dysmenorrhea: phenomena 
dysmenorrhoea: phenomena 
dyspareunia: phenomena 
dyspepsia: phenomena 
dyspnea: phenomena 
dyspnoea: phenomena 
dysprosium: metal 
dysrhythmia: disease 
dyssynergia: disease 
dysthymia: disease 
dystocia: disease 
dystrophy: disease 
dysuria: phenomena 
Dyushambe: place 
E: surname 
each: single 
eagerly: eager 
eagle: bird 
earache: phenomena 
eardrop: tool 
eardrum: part 
earflaps: tool 
earl: human 
earldom: Occupation 
earliness: time 
earlobe: part 
earmark: SetAside 
earmuffs: tool 
earner: human 
earnest: earnest 
earnestly: urgent 
earnestness: earnest 
earnetly: earnest 
earning: wealth 
earphone: tool 
earpiece: tool 
earplug: tool 
earring: tool 
earth: earth 
Earth: place 
earthbound: vulgar 
earthed: touch 
earthen: stone 
earthenware: tool 
earthfall: phenomena 
earthiness: Property 
earthliness: ordinary 
earthling: human 
earthly: place 
earthmover: tool 
earthnut: crop 
earthquake: mishap 
earthshaking: urge 
earthworker: human 
earthworm: InsectWorm 
earwax: excrement 
earwig: InsectWorm 
ease: weaken 
easeful: cosy 
easefulness: cosy 
easel: tool 
easement: weaken 
east: location 
eastbound: east 
Easter: time 
eastern: location 
Eastern: SourceValue 
easterner: human 
easternmost: east 
eastmost: east 
eastward: east 
easy: unaffected 
eat: eat 
eatery: InstitutePlace 
eaves: part 
eavesdrop: listen 
EBCT: fact 
ebonise: AlterColor 
ebonite: material 
ebonize: AlterColor 
ebullience: emotion 
ebullient: excited 
eccentric: human 
ecchymosis: phenomena 
ecclesiastic: human 
eccyesis: disease 
ecdysiast: human 
ecdysis: lose 
ECE: community 
ECG: fact 
echeloned: part 
echidna: AnimalHuman 
echinococcus: InsectWorm 
echinoderm: AnimalHuman 
echinophthalmia: disease 
echinus: beast 
echo: sound 
echocardiogram: fact 
echocardiography: fact 
echography: fact 
echoic: sound 
echovirus: bacteria 
eclair: food 
eclampsia: twitch 
eclat: stately 
eclecticism: thinking 
eclipsis: phenomena 
ecliptic: route 
eclogue: text 
ECM: community 
ecological: Circumstances 
ecologist: human 
ecomomicist: human 
econometrics: knowledge 
economic: affairs 
economical: thrifty 
economically: affairs 
economics: knowledge 
economies: place 
economise: economize 
economiser: human 
economist: human 
economize: economize 
economizer: human 
economy: place 
ECOSOC: part 
ecosystem: part 
ecoterrorism: fact 
ecrevisse: fish 
ecstasize: FondOf 
ecstatic: joyful 
ECT: fact 
ectasia: phenomena 
ectozoan: InsectWorm 
ectype: artifact 
Ecuador: place 
Ecuadorian: RelatingToCountry 
ecumenical: international 
eczema: disease 
ED: phenomena 
edacious: acquisitive 
edacity: acquisitive 
edam: food 
EdD: human 
eddo: vegetable 
eddy: water 
edema: disease 
Eden: place 
edge: win 
edibility: Ability 
edict: text 
edification: teach 
edifier: human 
Edinburgh: place 
Edison: human 
editing: compile 
editor: human 
editorialise: compile 
editorialist: human 
editorialize: compile 
Edmonton: place 
EDT: time 
educate: cultivate 
educated: erudite 
educatee: human 
educational: affairs 
educationalist: human 
educationist: human 
educator: human 
educe: ResultIn 
edulcorate: AlterProperty 
EE: knowledge 
EEC: community 
EEG: image 
eel: fish 
eelgrass: FlowerGrass 
eelpout: fish 
eerily: able 
eery: able 
eff: mating 
effaceable: able 
effective: effective 
effectively: effective 
effectivity: effective 
effectual: effective 
effectuality: effective 
effectually: effective 
effectualness: effective 
effectuate: fulfil 
effectuation: fulfil 
effeminacy: BehaviorValue 
effeminate: BehaviorValue 
effeminateness: BehaviorValue 
effeminize: ize 
efferent: part 
effete: frail 
efficacious: effective 
efficaciously: effective 
efficaciousness: Effectivity 
efficacy: Effectivity 
efficiency: Effectivity 
efficient: effective 
efficiently: effective 
effloresce: StateChange 
efflorescence: time 
efflorescent: magnificent 
effluence: announce 
effluent: spill 
effluvium: gas 
efflux: physical 
efforntery: shameless 
effort: Strength 
effortfulness: Effortfulness 
effortlessly: effortless 
effortlessness: effortless 
effulge: illuminate 
effulgence: lights 
effulgent: magnificent 
effuse: jet 
effusion: drain 
effusive: sufficient 
effusiveness: trivial 
egalitarian: fair 
egalitarianism: thinking 
egest: excrete 
egg: part 
eggbeater: tool 
eggcup: tool 
eggs: food 
eggwhisk: tool 
egis: tool 
ego: human 
egocentric: human 
egocentrism: thinking 
egoist: human 
egotism: arrogant 
egotistic: arrogant 
egotistical: arrogant 
egress: appear 
egression: appear 
egret: bird 
Egypt: place 
EgyptAir: InstitutePlace 
Egyptologist: human 
Eh: sound 
EHEC: bacteria 
Ehrlichiosis: disease 
Eid: time 
eidolon: image 
eight: cardinal 
eighteen: cardinal 
eighteenth: ordinal 
eighter: cardinal 
eighth: ordinal 
eighties: AgeValue 
eightieth: ordinal 
eightsome: fact 
eighty: cardinal 
Einstein: human 
einsteinium: metal 
eisegesis: explain 
Eisenach: place 
Eisenhower: human 
ejaculation: excrete 
eject: shoot 
ejection: shoot 
ejector: part 
eke: enlarge 
elaborate: produce 
elaborately: careful 
elaboration: explain 
elapse: pass 
elastance: Ability 
elastic: tool 
elastin: part 
elated: joyful 
elation: emotion 
elder: senior 
elect: select 
elected: StatusValue 
election: select 
electioneering: fact 
elective: select 
elector: human 
electoral: select 
electorate: human 
Electra: humanized 
electric: Strength 
electrically: Strength 
electrician: human 
electricity: Strength 
electrificate: ize 
electrified: PropertyValue 
electro: electricity 
electrocardiogram: image 
electrocardiographic: fact 
electrocardiography: fact 
electrochemistry: knowledge 
electrocute: fact 
electrocution: fact 
electrode: physical 
electrodialysis: fact 
electroencephalogram: image 
electroencephalography: fact 
electrologist: human 
electrolysis: fact 
electrolyte: chemical 
electromagnet: metal 
electromagnetic: PerformanceValue 
electrommeter: tool 
electromyograph: tool 
electromyography: fact 
electron: part 
electronically: part 
electronics: knowledge 
electrophoresis: phenomena 
electrophorus: machine 
electrophotograph: knowledge 
electroplate: apply 
electroscope: tool 
electroshock: fact 
electrostatic: electricity 
electrotherapist: human 
electrotherapy: fact 
electrothermal: PerformanceValue 
electrum: metal 
electuary: material 
elegance: Grace 
elegant: refined 
elegantly: gracious 
elegiac: text 
elemi: material 
elenchus: refute 
elephant: beast 
elevator: part 
eleven: cardinal 
elevenses: fact 
elevensies: fact 
eleventh: ordinal 
elf: human 
elicit: ResultIn 
elicitation: teach 
eligibility: Rate 
eligible: qualified 
eliminate: destroy 
elimination: destroy 
elite: human 
elitism: thinking 
elitist: HighRank 
Elizabeth: human 
elk: beast 
ellipse: round 
ellipsoid: image 
elliptic: phenomena 
elliptical: phenomena 
ellipticity: Rate 
elm: tree 
elocutionist: human 
elongate: LengthLong 
elongation: AlterMeasurement 
elope: flee 
elopement: flee 
eloquently: fluent 
Elsass: place 
else: other 
elsewhere: location 
elucidate: explain 
elucidating: able 
elucidation: explain 
elusion: escape 
elusive: difficult 
elusively: difficult 
elusiveness: difficult 
elution: process 
eluvium: part 
elytron: part 
elytrum: part 
emaciation: bony 
email: transmit 
emanation: begin 
emancipate: CauseToDo 
emancipation: CauseToDo 
emancipator: human 
emasculate: remove 
emasculation: remove 
EMBA: human 
embank: build 
embargo: prohibit 
embark: GoInto 
embarrassedly: embarrassed 
embarrassing: disgraced 
embassador: human 
embassy: institution 
embattled: dangerous 
embed: inlay 
embedded: PatternValue 
embellishment: thing 
ember: fire 
embezzle: steal 
embitter: damage 
emblem: mark 
emblematic: classic 
emblematical: classic 
embolectomy: fact 
embolism: disease 
embolus: inanimate 
embonpoint: fat 
embopoint: fat 
embosom: like 
embouchure: part 
embower: surround 
embrace: HoldInArm 
embrangle: coil 
embriodery: artifact 
embrocate: congratulate 
embroider: fasten 
embroidery: tool 
embrown: AlterColor 
embryo: part 
embryogenesis: grow 
embryologic: part 
embryology: knowledge 
embryonal: part 
embus: arrive 
Emden: place 
emendate: check 
emendation: amend 
emendator: check 
emerald: material 
emerge: appear 
emergency: affairs 
emergent: flourishing 
emerging: flourishing 
emeritus: HighRank 
emersion: appear 
emery: stone 
emesis: vomit 
EMF: Strength 
emigrant: human 
emigrate: SelfMove 
emigration: SelfMove 
eminently: fantastic 
emir: human 
emirate: place 
Emirates: place 
emire: place 
emitic: medicine 
emitter: machine 
emollient: medicine 
emolument: payment 
emoticon: symbol 
emotion: emotion 
emotional: passionate 
emotionalism: Emotionality 
emotionality: Emotionality 
emotionless: indifferent 
emotionlessness: indifferent 
emotive: emotion 
empale: stab 
empanel: RegardAs 
empathetic: able 
empathic: able 
empathise: understand 
empathize: understand 
empathy: emotion 
empennage: part 
emperor: human 
emphasize: emphasize 
emphatic: emphasize 
emphatically: FuncWord 
emphysema: disease 
empire: place 
empiric: AttachmentValue 
empirical: AttachmentValue 
emplace: arrange 
emplacement: location 
emplane: TakeVehicle 
employable: able 
employed: human 
employee: human 
employer: human 
empower: order 
emptor: human 
empty: insubstantial 
empurple: AlterColor 
empyema: phenomena 
empyreal: noble 
EMS: fact 
emu: bird 
emulate: study 
emulation: study 
emulous: FondOf 
emulsifier: chemical 
emulsify: ize 
emulsion: medicine 
enable: CauseToDo 
enabling: PropertyValue 
enamel: part 
enameling: apply 
enamelware: tool 
enamine: chemical 
enamor: attract 
enamour: attract 
enantiomer: chemical 
enarthrosis: part 
encamp: reside 
encapsulate: subtract 
encase: load 
encash: exchange 
encashment: fulfil 
enceinte: pregnant 
encephalemia: disease 
encephalitis: disease 
encephaloma: disease 
encephalon: part 
encephalopathy: disease 
enchanted: FondOf 
enchanter: human 
enchantress: humanized 
enchiridion: readings 
enchondroma: disease 
encircle: surround 
enclave: place 
enclosed: undergo 
enclothe: PutOn 
encoding: fact 
encoffin: put 
encomium: text 
encore: request 
encounter: suffer 
encourage: urge 
encouraging: able 
encrimson: AlterColor 
encript: translate 
encroach: damage 
encroachment: attack 
encrust: forming 
encrypt: translate 
encryption: fact 
encumber: obstruct 
encyclical: letter 
encyclopaedia: publications 
encyclopaedic: extensive 
encyclopedia: publications 
encyclopedic: extensive 
encyclopedical: extensive 
encyclopedism: knowledge 
encyclopedist: human 
end: time 
endamage: offend 
endangeitis: disease 
endanger: damage 
endangered: suffer 
endangerment: damage 
endarterectomy: fact 
endarteritis: disease 
endear: ize 
endemical: able 
endermatic: part 
endermic: part 
endgame: part 
endive: vegetable 
endless: interrupted 
endlessness: interrupted 
endmost: last 
endocarditis: disease 
endocardium: part 
endocarp: part 
endocentric: internal 
endocranium: part 
endocrinal: physical 
endocrinology: knowledge 
endocrinopathy: disease 
endodontia: knowledge 
endodontic: knowledge 
endodontics: knowledge 
endoergic: absorb 
endogamic: fact 
endogamous: fact 
endogenetic: SourceValue 
endogenic: SourceValue 
endogenous: SourceValue 
endometrial: part 
endometriosis: disease 
endometrium: part 
endomycin: medicine 
endoneurium: part 
endoparasitic: InsectWorm 
endoscope: tool 
endoscopic: tool 
endoscopy: fact 
endoskeleton: part 
endosteum: part 
endostosis: ize 
endothecium: part 
endothelial: part 
endothelioma: disease 
endothelium: part 
endothermal: absorb 
endothermic: absorb 
endotoxin: physical 
endovenous: part 
endow: grant 
endowment: donate 
endozoan: InsectWorm 
endozoic: InsectWorm 
endpoint: part 
endue: give 
endurable: able 
endure: withstand 
enduring: TimeLong 
enduringness: GoodBad 
enduser: human 
enema: medicine 
energise: CauseToLive 
enervate: weaken 
enfeeble: weaken 
enfold: surround 
enforce: MakeBetter 
enforcer: human 
enfranchise: CauseToDo 
engagement: fight 
Engels: human 
engild: apply 
England: place 
Englishman: human 
englut: swallow 
engorge: enjoy 
engraft: teach 
engrave: remember 
engraver: human 
engross: attentive 
engrossed: attentive 
engrossment: absentminded 
engulf: occupy 
enhancement: MakeBetter 
enhancive: MakeBetter 
Enid: place 
enigma: problem 
enigmatical: profound 
enjoin: order 
enjoyable: satisfied 
enkindle: lighting 
enlace: coil 
enlarge: enlarge 
enlargement: enlarge 
enlightened: wise 
enlightening: able 
Enlightenment: fact 
enlightenment: teach 
enlist: include 
enmesh: coil 
enmity: fact 
ennead: cardinal 
enneahedron: image 
enol: chemical 
enolic: chemical 
enologist: human 
enology: knowledge 
enormity: fact 
enormous: big 
enormousness: big 
enouncement: announce 
enplane: TakeVehicle 
enquire: ask 
enquirer: human 
enrage: irritate 
enraged: angry 
enragement: irritate 
enramycin: medicine 
enrapture: CauseToDo 
enraptured: joyful 
enregister: record 
enrich: enrich 
enrichment: enrich 
enrobe: cover 
enrol: include 
enroll: include 
enrollee: human 
enrollment: include 
enrolment: include 
ensconce: arrange 
ensemble: community 
Enshi: place 
enshrine: put 
enshroud: cover 
ensiform: FormValue 
ensile: store 
ensky: please 
ensnare: catch 
ensnarl: coil 
ensue: ResultIn 
ensuing: soon 
ensure: guarantee 
entail: mean 
entameba: bacteria 
entamoeba: bacteria 
entanglement: MakeTrouble 
enter: text 
enteral: part 
enterelcosis: disease 
enteric: part 
enterics: bacteria 
enteritis: disease 
enterobacteria: bacteria 
enterobiasis: disease 
enterobrosis: disease 
enterogastritis: disease 
enterohemorrhagic: phenomena 
enteron: part 
enteropathy: disease 
enterospasm: phenomena 
enterostomy: fact 
enterotoxemia: disease 
enterovirus: bacteria 
enterozoon: InsectWorm 
enterprise: InstitutePlace 
entertain: WellTreat 
entertainer: human 
entertaining: interesting 
enthalpy: Amount 
enthral: MakeMisunderstand 
enthrall: MakeMisunderstand 
enthralled: FondOf 
enthralling: bewitching 
enthronement: fact 
enthronization: fact 
enthuse: ize 
enthusiasm: emotion 
enthusiastic: ardent 
enthusiastically: ardent 
entice: entice 
enticing: attractive 
entire: complete 
entirely: wholly 
entitative: important 
entitlement: Power 
entity: entity 
entomologic: knowledge 
entomological: knowledge 
entomologist: human 
entomology: knowledge 
entourage: community 
entozoan: InsectWorm 
entozoon: InsectWorm 
entrain: TakeVehicle 
entrammel: restrain 
entranced: FondOf 
entranceway: location 
entrancing: bewitching 
entrant: human 
entrapment: entice 
entreat: request 
entrechment: facilities 
entrenchment: facilities 
entrepot: InstitutePlace 
entrepreneur: human 
entrepreneurial: human 
entrepreneurship: emotion 
entropy: symbol 
entrust: entrust 
entrustment: entrust 
entryway: location 
entwine: coil 
entwinement: coil 
entwist: coil 
enumerable: able 
enumerative: count 
enunciable: able 
enunciate: speak 
enunciation: speak 
enunciative: explain 
enunciator: human 
enuresis: phenomena 
envelope: tool 
envenom: damage 
envenomation: damage 
enviable: able 
envier: human 
enviomycin: medicine 
envious: admire 
enviously: PropertyValue 
enviousness: emotion 
environbiology: knowledge 
environment: Environment 
environmental: Environment 
environmentalist: human 
environs: part 
envisage: treat 
envoyship: Status 
enwind: coil 
enwrap: wrap 
enwrapped: attentive 
enzootic: disease 
enzymatic: part 
enzyme: part 
Eocene: time 
eolithic: time 
eolotropic: able 
eon: time 
eonian: permanent 
EORTC: InstitutePlace 
eosinophil: part 
eosinophilic: part 
eparchial: place 
eparchy: place 
epaulet: fittings 
epaulette: fittings 
epee: fact 
epencephalon: part 
epexegesis: part 
epexegetic: part 
ephedrine: medicine 
ephemerality: TimeShort 
ephemeralness: TimeShort 
ephemeris: publications 
ephemeron: InsectWorm 
epic: text 
epical: text 
epicedium: music 
epicenter: location 
epicentre: location 
epicine: human 
epicist: human 
epicure: human 
epicurean: human 
epidemic: PropertyValue 
epidemiological: knowledge 
epidemiologist: human 
epidemiology: knowledge 
epidermis: part 
epididymis: part 
epididymitis: disease 
epifauna: animal 
epiglottis: part 
epigram: expression 
epigrammatic: expression 
epigraph: text 
epilate: remove 
epilepsy: disease 
Epinal: place 
epinephrin: physical 
epinephrine: physical 
epineurium: part 
epinosic: spotless 
epiphany: Ability 
epiphyllum: FlowerGrass 
epiphysis: part 
episiotomy: fact 
epistaxis: phenomena 
epistemology: knowledge 
episternum: part 
epitaph: text 
epithalamium: text 
epithelial: part 
epithelitis: disease 
epithelium: part 
epitomize: ize 
epizoon: InsectWorm 
EPO: medicine 
epoch: time 
epochal: BestQuality 
epopee: text 
epopoea: text 
epos: text 
Epsom: place 
EPT: fact 
epurate: refine 
epuration: refine 
epyllion: text 
EQ: Rank 
equability: stabilize 
equable: steady 
equal: human 
equalisation: MakeEqual 
equalise: MakeEqual 
equalitarianism: thinking 
equality: Uniformity 
equalization: MakeEqual 
equalize: MakeEqual 
equalizer: tool 
equate: MakeEqual 
equator: location 
equatorial: location 
equestrian: fact 
equidistance: alike 
equidistant: alike 
equilateral: alike 
equilibrant: Strength 
equilibrate: equal 
equilibration: balanced 
equilibrise: CauseToDo 
equilibrium: balanced 
equilibrize: CauseToDo 
equimultiple: symbol 
equip: provide 
equipage: implement 
equipment: provide 
equiprobability: Rate 
equisetum: FlowerGrass 
equitable: righteous 
equitably: righteous 
equivocal: vague 
equivocality: Lucidity 
equivocally: vague 
equivocately: vague 
equivocation: HideTruth 
Er: metal 
ER: part 
era: time 
eradiate: AlterMeasurement 
eradiation: illuminate 
eradicator: human 
erasable: able 
eraser: tool 
erasure: remove 
erbium: metal 
Erduosi: place 
erect: upmove 
erective: straight 
erectness: straight 
erector: human 
eremitic: human 
eremitical: human 
Erfurt: place 
erg: Unit 
ergodic: again 
ergonomic: knowledge 
ergonomical: knowledge 
ergosterol: chemical 
ergot: disease 
ergotism: disease 
ergotropic: Prospect 
ergotropism: Prospect 
erhu: MusicTool 
erhua: MusicTool 
Erie: place 
eristical: debate 
Eritrea: place 
Erlangen: place 
Erlianhaote: place 
erode: damage 
erodent: damage 
eroding: able 
erogenous: lascivious 
erosion: damage 
erotic: lascivious 
eroticism: aspiration 
eroticize: ize 
erotism: aspiration 
erotologist: human 
erotology: text 
erotomania: human 
ERP: plans 
errand: affairs 
erratic: changeable 
erratically: changeable 
erratum: document 
erreminise: ize 
erroneous: wrong 
erroneously: wrong 
error: result 
errorless: correct 
erst: past 
erstwhile: past 
eructation: StomachTrouble 
erudite: profound 
eruditeness: Learning 
eruditional: erudite 
erupt: jet 
eryngo: FlowerGrass 
erysipelas: disease 
erythema: disease 
erythrocyte: part 
erythroderma: disease 
erythromycin: medicine 
erythrophore: part 
Es: metal 
ESC: part 
escalade: GoUp 
escalate: upgrade 
escalation: upgrade 
escalator: facilities 
escapable: possible 
escapade: venture 
escape: flee 
escapee: human 
escapement: part 
escapeway: part 
escapism: escape 
escarole: vegetable 
eschatology: knowledge 
eschew: evade 
escritoire: furniture 
esophageal: part 
esophagean: part 
esophagitis: disease 
esophagoscope: tool 
esophagus: part 
esoteric: profound 
esotericism: thinking 
esoterism: thinking 
esotropia: disease 
ESP: experience 
espalier: tree 
Espana: place 
especial: special 
Esperanto: language 
espionage: fact 
espousal: fact 
espouse: endorse 
espresso: drinks 
espy: perception 
Esquimau: human 
ESR: Rate 
ESRD: disease 
essay: try 
essayist: human 
Essen: place 
essence: part 
essential: primary 
essentiality: part 
essentially: necessary 
essentials: text 
estate: wealth 
estated: rich 
esteem: respect 
ester: chemical 
esterify: ize 
esthesia: emotion 
esthete: human 
esthetic: knowledge 
esthetical: able 
esthetics: knowledge 
Esthonia: place 
estimation: estimate 
estimator: human 
estivate: sleep 
estivation: sleep 
Estonia: place 
estop: prohibit 
estradiol: physical 
estranged: distant 
estriol: physical 
estrogen: physical 
estrone: physical 
estrus: time 
estuary: part 
esurience: acquisitive 
esurient: acquisitive 
ET: time 
eTA: facilities 
etc: FuncWord 
etching: carve 
eternal: permanent 
eternalise: ize 
eternalize: ize 
eternally: permanent 
eternise: ize 
eternize: ize 
ethal: chemical 
ethane: chemical 
ethanol: chemical 
ethereal: insubstantial 
etherealization: ize 
etherealize: ize 
etherial: NotHeavy 
etherialise: ize 
etherialize: ize 
etherially: NotHeavy 
etherify: ize 
etherise: CauseToDo 
etherize: CauseToDo 
ethernet: InfoCarrier 
ethic: Morality 
ethical: Morality 
ethically: PropertyValue 
ethics: regulation 
Ethiopia: place 
ethnocentrism: thinking 
ethnography: knowledge 
ethnologist: human 
ethnopharmacology: knowledge 
ethology: knowledge 
ethoxyethane: chemical 
ethybenzene: chemical 
ethylamine: chemical 
ethylene: chemical 
ethyne: chemical 
etiolate: AlterColor 
etiologic: knowledge 
etiological: knowledge 
etiquette: regulation 
Etna: land 
Eton: place 
etude: music 
Etuokeqi: place 
etymologise: LookFor 
etymologist: human 
etymologize: LookFor 
etymology: knowledge 
etymon: part 
EU: community 
Eu: metal 
eubacteria: bacteria 
eubacterium: bacteria 
eucaryote: animate 
eucaryotic: animate 
Euclid: human 
eudaemonia: Fate 
eudaimonia: Fate 
Eugene: place 
eugenic: knowledge 
eugenics: knowledge 
eukaryote: animate 
eukaryotic: animate 
eulogise: praise 
eulogist: human 
eulogize: praise 
eunuch: human 
eupatrid: human 
euphemise: express 
euphemism: expression 
euphemistic: tactful 
euphemize: express 
euphonious: euphonious 
euphonium: MusicTool 
euphoria: emotion 
Euphrates: waters 
euphuism: Pattern 
eupnea: respire 
eupnoea: respire 
Eurasia: earth 
Eurasian: earth 
eurhythmics: fact 
euripus: waters 
euro: money 
euroland: place 
Europe: earth 
European: PatternValue 
Europeanise: ize 
Europeanization: ize 
Europeanize: ize 
europium: metal 
eurozone: place 
eurythmics: fact 
euthanasia: fact 
euthanize: kill 
eutherian: AnimalHuman 
eutrophication: phenomena 
eV: Unit 
evacuee: human 
evaluation: estimate 
evaluator: human 
evanesce: disappear 
evanescence: disappear 
evangelise: disseminate 
evangelist: human 
evangelize: disseminate 
Evansville: place 
evaporate: GoUp 
evaporimeter: tool 
evasion: refuse 
evasiveness: vague 
Eve: humanized 
eve: time 
even: symmetrical 
evenfall: Scene 
evenhanded: fair 
evenhandedly: fair 
evening: time 
eveningwear: clothing 
evenness: Evenness 
event: fact 
eventful: chaotic 
eventide: time 
eventing: fact 
eventual: last 
eventuality: Frequency 
eventually: TimingValue 
eventuate: appear 
ever: past 
everlasting: permanent 
everlastingness: permanent 
evermore: always 
everwhere: location 
every: all 
everybody: human 
everydayness: Ordinariness 
everyone: human 
everyplace: location 
everyway: wholly 
evict: expel 
eviction: expel 
evident: lucid 
evidential: able 
evidentiary: able 
evildoer: human 
evildoers: human 
evildoing: result 
evilly: wicked 
evilness: Disadvantage 
evince: ShowOff 
eviscerate: cut 
evisceration: cut 
evitable: possible 
evocative: able 
evolute: prosper 
evolutionary: prosper 
evolutionism: knowledge 
evolutionist: human 
evolvement: prosper 
Evry: place 
EW: fact 
ewe: livestock 
Ewenke: place 
Ewenkis: tribe 
ex: human 
exacerbate: ize 
exacerbation: ize 
exaction: beg 
exactitude: Accuracy 
exactness: Accuracy 
exaggerate: boast 
exaggerative: flighty 
exalted: noble 
exam: fact 
examinant: human 
examinee: human 
examplar: example 
exanthema: phenomena 
exarteritis: disease 
exasperation: ize 
excavator: tool 
exceedingly: very 
excel: surpass 
excellence: Quality 
Excellency: human 
excellency: Quality 
excellent: BestQuality 
excellently: BestQuality 
excelsior: material 
exception: Kind 
exceptionally: special 
excess: surplus 
excessive: rash 
excessively: over 
exchangeability: Ability 
exchanger: human 
exchequer: InstitutePlace 
excide: cut 
excipient: material 
excise: expenditure 
excitability: Ability 
excitative: able 
excitatory: able 
excited: excited 
excitingly: interesting 
exclamation: expression 
exclamatory: strong 
exclave: place 
exclusive: rights 
exclusivism: thinking 
excogitate: plan 
excogitation: Creativeness 
excogitative: Creativeness 
excommunicate: discharge 
excoriation: ExpressAgainst 
excrement: excrement 
excrescent: over 
excreta: excrement 
excrete: excrete 
excretion: excrete 
excretory: excrete 
excruciate: MakeBad 
excruciating: miserable 
excruciatingly: miserable 
exculpate: CauseNotToBe 
exculpation: CauseNotToBe 
exculpatory: CauseNotToBe 
excursion: tour 
excursionist: human 
excursus: part 
excusatory: apologize 
excuse: reason 
excused: able 
exe: InfoElement 
exec: human 
execrable: despicable 
execrate: disgust 
executable: able 
executant: human 
executioner: human 
executor: human 
exegesis: affairs 
exegetics: knowledge 
exehibit: display 
exehibition: display 
exemplary: noble 
exemplify: explain 
exemplum: example 
exenterate: remove 
exercise: text 
exerciser: SportTool 
exercising: exercise 
exercycle: SportTool 
Exeter: place 
exhalation: exhale 
exhale: exhale 
exhausted: tired 
exhaustively: detailed 
exhaustiveness: Wholeness 
exhaustivity: Wholeness 
exhibit: physical 
exhibiter: human 
exhibitioner: human 
exhibitionism: Habit 
exhibitionist: human 
exhibitor: human 
exhilarate: excited 
exhilarating: able 
exhilaratingly: able 
exhilaration: emotion 
exhilarative: able 
exhort: persuade 
exhortion: persuade 
exhumation: dig 
exhume: dig 
exigence: dangerous 
exigency: mishap 
exigent: urgent 
exiguity: few 
existent: true 
existential: alive 
exocarp: part 
exocrine: fact 
exode: shows 
exodontia: knowledge 
exodontics: knowledge 
exodus: escape 
exoergic: drain 
exonerate: resume 
exoneration: resume 
exorbitance: over 
exorbitant: expensive 
exorcise: expel 
exorcize: expel 
exoskeleton: part 
exosphere: part 
exostosis: disease 
exoteric: overt 
exothermic: shoot 
exotic: foreign 
exoticism: Style 
exoticness: Style 
exotism: Style 
exotropia: disease 
expanse: place 
expansive: enlarge 
expansiveness: trivial 
expatiate: explain 
expatiation: explain 
expectancy: aspiration 
expectant: predict 
expectation: predict 
expectorate: vomit 
expectoration: vomit 
expediency: method 
expediently: flexible 
expedite: SpeedUp 
expedition: leave 
expeditionary: leave 
expeditious: effortless 
expendable: able 
expenditure: expenditure 
expenditures: fact 
expense: expenditure 
expensive: expensive 
expensively: expensive 
expensiveness: expensive 
experienced: able 
experiencer: part 
experiment: experiment 
experimental: PerformanceValue 
experimentation: experiment 
experimenter: human 
expertise: Ability 
expertly: able 
expiate: amend 
expiration: due 
expire: due 
expiry: due 
explain: explain 
explaination: explain 
explanatory: PropertyValue 
expletive: text 
explicable: able 
explicate: explain 
explication: explain 
explicit: lucid 
explicitly: lucid 
explicitness: Lucidity 
explode: reveal 
exploit: use 
exploitation: use 
exploitee: human 
exploiter: human 
exploration: TryToKnow 
explore: investigate 
explorer: human 
explosion: mishap 
explosive: easy 
Expo: fact 
expo: fact 
exportation: sell 
exporter: human 
expose: reveal 
exposed: naked 
exposit: explain 
exposition: text 
expostulate: persuade 
expound: explain 
expressibility: Ability 
expressible: able 
expressionism: thinking 
expressionist: human 
expressions: expression 
expressive: able 
expressmail: post 
expressway: route 
expropriate: rob 
expunge: remove 
expurgate: remove 
exquisite: refined 
exquisitely: refined 
exquisiteness: beautiful 
exsert: CausePartMove 
exsiccate: ill 
extant: exist 
extemporaneous: unready 
extemporaneously: unready 
extemporarily: unready 
extemporary: unready 
extempore: RightNow 
extemporisation: speak 
extemporise: speak 
extemporization: speak 
extemporize: speak 
extensional: Attribute 
extensionality: Attribute 
extent: Range 
extention: route 
extenuate: weaken 
extenuation: weaken 
exteriorisation: ize 
exteriorise: ize 
exteriorization: ize 
exteriorize: ize 
exterminate: destroy 
extermination: destroy 
exterminator: human 
external: place 
externalisation: ize 
externalise: ize 
externalism: knowledge 
externality: location 
externalization: ize 
externalize: ize 
externally: foreign 
extesiveness: Range 
extinction: perish 
extinguish: remove 
extinguisher: tool 
extirpate: remove 
extirpation: destroy 
extortionate: expensive 
extortioner: human 
extortionist: human 
extra: very 
extract: text 
extractor: part 
extradite: submit 
extradition: submit 
extramarital: immoral 
extraneous: irrelevant 
extraordinary: special 
extrapolate: deduce 
extras: expenditure 
extrasensory: abnormal 
extravagance: lavish 
extravagant: over 
extravasate: spill 
extraversion: overt 
extravert: overt 
extraverted: overt 
extravertive: overt 
extreme: Contrariness 
extremepoint: Boundary 
extremism: thinking 
extremity: Degree 
extricate: MoveItBack 
extroversion: overt 
extroversive: sociable 
extroverted: overt 
extrovertive: overt 
extrusion: SqueezeOut 
exuberance: emotion 
exuberantly: exuberant 
exuberate: CauseToExist 
exult: joyful 
exultance: joyful 
exultant: joyful 
exultation: joyful 
exuviate: lose 
exwife: human 
eyas: bird 
eyeball: part 
eyebath: tool 
eyebrow: part 
eyecup: tool 
eyedrop: medicine 
eyeglass: part 
eyeground: part 
eyehole: part 
eyelash: part 
eyelid: part 
eyeliner: tool 
eyepatch: tool 
eyepiece: tool 
eyeshade: part 
eyeshadow: image 
eyesight: Ability 
eyespot: trace 
eyestrain: tired 
eyetooth: part 
eyewash: medicine 
eyewater: medicine 
eyewinker: part 
eyewitness: human 
eyra: beast 
Ezhou: place 
Ezo: place 
FA: part 
fable: text 
fabliau: text 
fabricated: fake 
fabulist: human 
fabulous: queer 
facade: part 
face: Reputation 
Facebook: InstitutePlace 
facelift: cut 
facer: human 
faceted: FormValue 
facetiae: readings 
facetious: interesting 
facetiously: rash 
facetiousness: emotion 
facial: part 
facilities: implement 
facinating: bewitching 
facing: facing 
facsimile: produce 
fact: fact 
faction: part 
factious: able 
factorisation: handle 
factorise: handle 
factorization: handle 
factorize: handle 
factory: InstitutePlace 
factual: true 
factuality: Trueness 
factually: FuncWord 
factualness: Trueness 
facture: produce 
facula: part 
fade: decline 
fadeout: disappear 
faecal: excrement 
faeces: excrement 
faerie: humanized 
faery: humanized 
fag: tobacoo 
Fagaceae: tree 
faggot: material 
fagot: wrap 
Fahrenheit: Standard 
faille: material 
failure: phenomena 
faint: weak 
faintly: weak 
faintness: dark 
fair: white 
fairish: white 
fairway: facilities 
fairyland: place 
faithful: faithful 
Faithfully: expression 
faithfully: faithful 
faithless: betray 
fake: physical 
fakement: forge 
faker: human 
fakery: forge 
Faku: place 
falchion: weapon 
falcon: bird 
falderal: tool 
fall: time 
fallacious: wrong 
fallacy: thinking 
fallback: cease 
fallen: decline 
false: wrong 
falsehood: text 
falseness: treacherous 
falsetto: sound 
falsity: text 
falter: walk 
fame: Reputation 
famed: famous 
familiar: familiar 
familiarisation: know 
familiarise: know 
familiarization: know 
familiarize: know 
famine: mishap 
famishment: HungryThirsty 
famous: famous 
famously: famous 
famulus: human 
fan: shake 
Fan: surname 
fan: tool 
fanatical: ardent 
Fanchang: place 
fancify: beautify 
fancy: thought 
fancywork: tool 
fandom: human 
fanfare: ShowOff 
Fang: surname 
Fangchenggang: place 
Fangshan: place 
Fangshanqu: place 
Fangxian: place 
fanlight: part 
fanner: tool 
fantabulous: BestQuality 
fantacy: Scene 
fantasia: music 
fantasise: cherish 
fantasize: cherish 
fantast: human 
Fanzhi: place 
FAO: part 
farad: Unit 
Faraday: Unit 
faraway: far 
farawayness: far 
farce: shows 
farewell: farewell 
Fargo: place 
farina: material 
farinaceous: crude 
farm: land 
farmable: able 
farmer: human 
farmerette: human 
farmhand: human 
farmhouse: house 
farmland: land 
farness: far 
Faroese: language 
farrago: thing 
farreaching: profound 
farrow: reproduce 
farseeing: think 
Farsi: language 
farsightedness: thought 
farthermost: far 
farthest: far 
farthing: Unit 
fasces: mark 
fascia: tool 
fasciculus: part 
fascism: system 
fascist: human 
fashionista: human 
fashionmonger: human 
fast: fast 
fastener: tool 
fasting: time 
fastmoving: fast 
fat: widediameter 
Fatah: community 
fatalism: knowledge 
fatalistic: inactive 
fatality: mishap 
fate: Fate 
fathead: human 
fatheaded: foolish 
father: human 
Father: human 
fatherhood: Attachment 
fatherland: place 
fathom: Unit 
fathommeter: tool 
fatigue: tired 
fatigued: tired 
fatigues: clothing 
fatso: human 
fatten: SpeedUp 
fattiness: fat 
fatuity: foolish 
fatuous: foolish 
fatuously: foolish 
faucet: part 
fault: result 
faultfinding: PropertyValue 
faultfindingly: PropertyValue 
fauna: animal 
faux: dishonest 
favor: fact 
favorable: advantageous 
favorableness: Advantage 
favorably: advantageous 
favoritism: emotion 
favour: praise 
favourable: advantageous 
favourableness: Advantage 
favourite: thing 
favus: disease 
fawn: reproduce 
fax: produce 
fay: humanized 
Fayetteville: place 
faze: MakeTrouble 
FB: money 
FBI: part 
FDA: part 
Fe: metal 
fear: worried 
fearful: timid 
fearless: timid 
fearsome: able 
feasibility: Ability 
feasible: possible 
feasibleness: Ability 
feasibly: possible 
feast: fact 
featherbed: like 
featherweight: Rank 
feature: shows 
febricity: phenomena 
February: time 
fecal: excrement 
feces: excrement 
feckless: useless 
fecula: chemical 
feculent: excrement 
fecund: able 
fecundate: transmit 
fecundity: succeed 
FED: InstitutePlace 
federal: community 
federalisation: ally 
federalise: ally 
federalism: system 
federalist: human 
federalization: ally 
federalize: ally 
federate: ally 
FEDEX: fact 
feds: institution 
fee: expenditure 
feeble: weak 
feebleminded: NotQuick 
feeblemindedness: foolish 
feebleness: frail 
feed: urge 
feedback: information 
feeder: waters 
feedlot: facilities 
feel: undergo 
feeler: part 
Fei: surname 
Feicheng: place 
Feidong: place 
feisty: BadTemper 
Feixi: place 
felicitate: congratulate 
felicitation: congratulate 
felicitous: proper 
felicitousness: proper 
felicity: Fate 
fella: human 
fellate: mating 
fellatio: mating 
fellation: mating 
feller: human 
felon: human 
felony: fact 
felt: material 
felucca: ship 
felwort: FlowerGrass 
femaleness: Sex 
feminineness: Sex 
femininity: Behavior 
feminisation: ize 
feminise: ize 
feminism: fact 
feminist: human 
feminization: ize 
feminize: ize 
femoral: part 
femoris: part 
femur: part 
fen: Unit 
fence: fittings 
fencer: human 
fencing: fact 
fend: obstruct 
fenestella: part 
fenestra: part 
Feng: surname 
Fengcheng: place 
Fengdu: place 
Fenghua: place 
Fengjie: place 
Fengtai: place 
Fengxian: place 
Fengxiang: place 
Fengyang: place 
fentanyl: medicine 
Fenxi: place 
Fenyang: place 
fermentation: StateChange 
fermentologist: human 
fermium: metal 
fern: FlowerGrass 
ferocious: fierce 
ferociously: fierce 
ferociousness: emotion 
ferocity: Strength 
ferrari: LandVehicle 
ferret: beast 
ferricyanide: chemical 
ferritin: part 
ferroalloy: metal 
ferrochrome: metal 
ferrocyanide: chemical 
ferromanganese: metal 
ferrosilicon: chemical 
ferrous: chemical 
ferry: transport 
ferryboat: ship 
fertility: Fertility 
fertilization: transmit 
fertilize: transmit 
fertilizer: material 
ferule: tool 
fervency: emotion 
fervent: strong 
fervently: strong 
fervid: ardent 
fervidness: emotion 
fervor: emotion 
fervour: emotion 
fest: fact 
festering: part 
festination: Posture 
festivity: fact 
fetal: part 
fetch: take 
fete: entertain 
fetich: Ability 
feticide: cease 
fetid: stinky 
fetish: Ability 
fetlock: part 
fetology: knowledge 
fetometry: fact 
fetoprotein: part 
fetoscopy: fact 
fetters: tool 
fetus: part 
feudal: system 
feudalism: system 
feudality: system 
feudalization: system 
feverish: fever 
feverishness: phenomena 
few: few 
fewer: few 
fewest: few 
fewness: few 
fiance: human 
fiancee: human 
fib: deceive 
fiber: material 
fiberboard: material 
fiberglass: material 
fiberoptic: material 
fibreboard: material 
fibreglass: material 
fibrilla: part 
fibrillation: phenomena 
fibrin: part 
fibrinogen: part 
fibrocarcinoma: disease 
fibroid: disease 
fibroma: disease 
fibromyalgia: disease 
fibrosis: disease 
fibrositis: disease 
fibrous: FormValue 
fibula: part 
fickle: changeable 
fickleness: changeable 
fictile: tool 
fiction: text 
fictionalisation: compile 
fictionalization: compile 
fictionalize: compile 
fictitious: forge 
fiddle: slack 
fiddler: human 
fiddlestick: part 
fidgetiness: uneasy 
fidgety: uneasy 
fiduciary: human 
fief: place 
fieldhand: human 
fieldstone: material 
fieldworker: human 
fiendish: fierce 
fiends: humanized 
fierdrake: InsectWorm 
fiesta: fact 
fifteen: cardinal 
fifteenth: ordinal 
fifth: ordinal 
fiftieth: ordinal 
fifty: cardinal 
fig: tree 
fighting: fact 
figurative: expression 
figuratively: interesting 
figure: human 
Figure: image 
figure: trace 
figurehead: human 
Fijis: place 
fikleness: treacherous 
filament: part 
filamentlike: linear 
filamentous: linear 
filariae: bacteria 
filariasis: disease 
filch: steal 
file: tool 
filefish: fish 
filer: human 
filet: food 
filial: faithful 
filiate: judge 
filibuster: obstruct 
Filipino: human 
filipino: language 
Filipino: RelatingToCountry 
fillers: information 
fillet: food 
filmgoing: FondOf 
filmimg: fact 
filmmaker: human 
filmstrip: tool 
filterable: able 
filth: waste 
filthily: lascivious 
filthy: lascivious 
filtration: filter 
filum: part 
FIM: money 
fin: tool 
finale: part 
finalisation: fulfil 
finalise: fulfil 
finalist: human 
finality: result 
finalization: fulfil 
finalize: fulfil 
financier: human 
finback: beast 
finch: bird 
finder: tool 
findings: thing 
fine: WeatherFine 
fineness: refined 
finesse: plans 
finger: part 
fingerboard: part 
fingerling: fish 
fingermark: image 
fingernail: part 
fingerpaint: material 
fingerpost: mark 
fingerprint: image 
fingertip: part 
finical: difficult 
finicky: difficult 
finite: few 
finiteness: Amount 
finitude: Amount 
fink: human 
Finland: place 
Finn: human 
fintech: knowledge 
fiord: waters 
fipple: part 
fir: tree 
fire: produce 
firearm: weapon 
fireball: fire 
fireboat: ship 
firebomb: weapon 
firebrand: human 
firebrick: material 
firebug: human 
firecracker: tool 
firecrackers: tool 
firedamp: material 
firefight: fact 
firefighter: human 
firefly: InsectWorm 
fireguard: fittings 
firehouse: institution 
firelight: lights 
firelighter: material 
firelock: weapon 
fireman: human 
firemen: human 
firenet: tool 
fireplace: facilities 
fireplug: facilities 
firepower: Strength 
fireproof: able 
fireresistant: able 
fireside: location 
firewood: material 
fireworks: tool 
firmament: sky 
firmly: steady 
firmware: software 
firn: RainSnow 
first: primary 
firstborn: human 
firsthand: original 
fiscal: affairs 
fish: TakeOutOfWater 
fishbone: part 
fisher: human 
fisherfolk: human 
fisherman: human 
fisherwoman: human 
fishgig: tool 
fishhook: tool 
fishing: affairs 
fishmonger: human 
fishnet: tool 
fishpond: facilities 
fishwife: human 
fission: change 
fissionable: able 
fissure: location 
fist: part 
fistfight: beat 
fistful: NounUnit 
fistula: disease 
fistular: FormValue 
fistulate: FormValue 
fistulous: FormValue 
fitful: spasmodic 
fitfully: spasmodic 
fitly: suitable 
fitment: implement 
fitter: human 
fitting: proper 
fittingly: suitable 
fittings: fittings 
five: cardinal 
fivefold: many 
fiver: money 
fixate: look 
fixation: repair 
fixative: material 
fixed: stiff 
fixedpoint: location 
fixelance: LandVehicle 
fixture: tool 
fizgig: tool 
fjord: waters 
flabbiness: frail 
flabby: loose 
flaccidity: frail 
flack: weapon 
flagellation: beat 
flagellum: animate 
flagitiously: fierce 
flagon: tool 
flagpole: tool 
flagstaff: tool 
flagstone: material 
flair: Ability 
flak: weapon 
flakey: FormValue 
flaky: FormValue 
flambeau: tool 
flame: fire 
flameproof: able 
flamethrower: weapon 
flamingo: bird 
flammability: Easiness 
flan: food 
Flanders: place 
flannel: material 
flannelette: material 
flapcake: food 
flapjack: food 
flare: lights 
flash: WeatherBad 
flashback: explain 
flashbulb: tool 
flasher: human 
flashgun: tool 
flashily: flighty 
flashlighter: tool 
flashmob: fact 
flashpoint: Boundary 
flashy: flighty 
flaskful: NounUnit 
flat: level 
flatbed: LandVehicle 
flatbottom: FormValue 
flatbottomed: FormValue 
flatcar: part 
flatfish: fish 
flatfoot: part 
flathead: fish 
flatiron: tool 
flatlands: land 
flatly: wholly 
flats: house 
flatten: AlterForm 
flatter: please 
flatterer: human 
flattop: weapon 
flatus: phenomena 
flatware: tool 
flatworm: InsectWorm 
flaunt: ShowOff 
flaunty: FondOf 
flautist: human 
flavorful: GoodTaste 
flavoring: material 
flavorless: PoorTaste 
flavorous: GoodTaste 
flavorsome: GoodTaste 
flavourful: GoodTaste 
flavouring: material 
flavourless: PoorTaste 
flavourous: GoodTaste 
flavoursome: GoodTaste 
flaw: Demerit 
flawed: BestQuality 
flawless: flawless 
flax: crop 
flay: ExpressAgainst 
flea: InsectWorm 
fleck: trace 
flecks: disease 
fledge: appear 
fledgling: unable 
flee: flee 
fleece: rob 
fleeceable: naif 
fleeting: TimeShort 
fleetingness: TimeShort 
Flensburg: place 
flesh: part 
fleshiness: fat 
fleshy: fat 
flex: CausePartMove 
flexible: proper 
flexibleness: Adaptability 
flexibly: proper 
flick: wipe 
flickertail: beast 
flight: fly 
flightily: flighty 
flightiness: rash 
flighty: flighty 
flimflam: deceive 
flimsiness: thin 
flinch: GoBackward 
flinders: shape 
Flint: place 
flint: stone 
flintlock: weapon 
flintstone: stone 
flinty: wicked 
flippancy: flighty 
flippant: sly 
flippantly: rash 
flipper: tool 
flirt: entice 
flirtation: entice 
flirtatious: flighty 
flirtatiously: flighty 
flit: fly 
flittermouse: beast 
float: tool 
floatation: establish 
floatplane: aircraft 
floccus: CloudMist 
flog: beat 
flogging: beat 
flood: water 
floodgate: facilities 
flooding: mishap 
floodwater: water 
floor: reverse 
floorboard: material 
flooring: material 
floozie: human 
flophouse: InstitutePlace 
floppy: gentle 
flora: plant 
Florence: place 
florescence: time 
floribunda: FlowerGrass 
floricultural: planting 
florid: red 
Florida: place 
Floridian: human 
floridly: luxurious 
florilegium: readings 
Florin: money 
floss: tool 
flossy: fine 
flotilla: part 
flounce: walk 
flour: material 
flout: despise 
flow: water 
flowerbed: facilities 
flowerpot: tool 
flowers: FlowerGrass 
flowery: luxurious 
flowing: able 
flowmeter: tool 
flu: disease 
fluctuate: QuantityChange 
flue: part 
fluently: fluent 
fluffy: soft 
fluid: SelfMove 
fluidity: Ability 
flume: route 
flummox: MakeMisunderstand 
flump: FallDown 
flunk: fail 
flunky: human 
fluor: stone 
fluorene: chemical 
fluoresce: StateChange 
fluorescein: material 
fluoresceine: material 
fluorescence: lights 
fluorescent: lights 
fluorescope: tool 
fluoridate: ize 
fluoridation: ize 
fluoride: chemical 
fluoridise: ize 
fluoridization: ize 
fluoridize: ize 
fluorimeter: tool 
fluorine: chemical 
fluorite: stone 
fluoroboride: chemical 
fluorocarbon: chemical 
fluorochrome: material 
fluoroform: chemical 
fluorometer: tool 
fluoroscope: tool 
fluoroscopy: diagnose 
fluorosis: disease 
fluorouracil: medicine 
fluorspar: stone 
fluosilicate: chemical 
fluoxetine: medicine 
flurazepam: medicine 
flurried: uneasy 
fluster: uneasy 
flustered: uneasy 
flute: MusicTool 
flutist: human 
flutter: wave 
fluviograph: tool 
flux: Rate 
fluxmeter: tool 
fly: pass 
flyaway: flighty 
flyblow: pollute 
flybridge: part 
flycatcher: bird 
flyer: readings 
flyfish: catch 
flyflap: tool 
flyleaf: part 
flyover: part 
flypaper: tool 
flypast: part 
flyswat: tool 
flyswatter: tool 
flytrap: tool 
flyweight: Rank 
flywheel: part 
FM: Frequency 
Fm: metal 
foal: livestock 
focal: part 
focalisation: PayAttention 
focalise: PayAttention 
focalization: PayAttention 
focalize: PayAttention 
focus: PayAttention 
fodder: physical 
foe: human 
foehn: wind 
foetid: stinky 
foetology: knowledge 
foetometry: fact 
foetoprotein: part 
foetoscopy: fact 
foetus: part 
fogbank: CloudMist 
fogginess: blurred 
foggy: dizzy 
foghorn: tool 
foglamp: part 
fohn: wind 
foible: Peculiarity 
foil: tool 
foist: deceive 
Foix: place 
foldable: able 
foldaway: able 
folderol: tool 
folding: able 
foliage: part 
foliate: naming 
folio: Number 
folk: tribe 
folknik: human 
folks: human 
folksong: music 
folktale: text 
folliculitis: disease 
follow: SelfMove 
followers: human 
following: specific 
followup: fact 
fomentation: incite 
fomenter: human 
fond: FondOf 
fondant: material 
fondle: stroke 
fondly: amiable 
fondness: emotion 
fondu: food 
fondue: food 
font: tool 
fontanel: part 
fontanesia: tree 
foodstuff: edible 
foolery: fact 
foolhardy: rash 
foolish: foolish 
foolishly: foolish 
foolishness: result 
fooster: hasty 
foot: walk 
footage: Scene 
footballer: human 
footbath: tool 
footborad: part 
footbridge: route 
footcandle: Unit 
footfall: sound 
footgear: clothing 
foothill: land 
foothold: standpoint 
footing: standpoint 
footle: walk 
footlight: tool 
footlights: tool 
footman: human 
footmark: trace 
footmen: human 
footnote: part 
footpath: route 
footprint: trace 
footrace: fact 
footrest: furniture 
footslog: walk 
footslogger: human 
footstone: stone 
footstool: furniture 
footwear: clothing 
footwork: method 
fop: human 
foppish: fashionable 
foppishness: fashionable 
for: FuncWord 
forage: physical 
foray: attack 
forbears: human 
forbid: prohibit 
forbidden: suffer 
force: Strength 
forcefully: strong 
forcefulness: strong 
forceless: frail 
forcemeat: food 
forceps: tool 
forces: army 
forcible: fierce 
forciblefeeble: frail 
forcibly: fierce 
fordo: destroy 
fore: past 
forear: endure 
forebear: human 
forebears: human 
forebode: mean 
foreboding: information 
forecaster: human 
forecastle: room 
foreclose: restrain 
foredate: CauseToMove 
foredeck: part 
foredo: destroy 
forefather: human 
forefathers: human 
forefinger: part 
forefoot: part 
foregather: meet 
forego: ExistAppear 
foregoing: specific 
foregone: past 
foreground: Scene 
forehand: beat 
forehead: part 
foreignness: Source 
foreknow: know 
foreknowledge: thought 
forelady: human 
foreland: land 
forelimb: part 
forelock: part 
foreman: human 
foremilk: part 
foremother: human 
forename: Name 
forenone: time 
forenoon: time 
forensic: law 
foreordain: happen 
foreordination: happen 
foreperson: human 
foreplay: ShowLove 
forerun: mean 
forerunner: human 
foresee: predict 
foreseeable: able 
foreshadow: mean 
foreshadowing: method 
foreshank: food 
foreshock: mishap 
foreshorten: shrink 
foreshow: announce 
foresight: thought 
foresightedness: Ability 
foresightful: wise 
foresightfulness: thought 
foreskin: part 
forespeak: announce 
forestage: part 
forestall: obstruct 
forestation: planting 
forested: exuberant 
forester: human 
forestry: affairs 
foreswear: abandon 
foretaste: mean 
foretell: predict 
forethought: plan 
foretime: time 
foretoken: mean 
foretooth: part 
foreward: forward 
forewarn: persuade 
forewoman: human 
foreword: part 
forfeitable: able 
forfeiter: human 
forfeiture: lose 
forgather: meet 
forgery: forge 
forget: forget 
forgetful: easy 
forgetfully: easy 
forgetfulness: Possibility 
forgettable: easy 
forgetter: human 
forging: artifact 
forgivable: able 
forgive: forgive 
forgiveness: forgive 
forgivingness: emotion 
Forint: money 
fork: tool 
forking: FormChange 
forklift: LandVehicle 
form: trace 
formaldehyde: chemical 
formalin: chemical 
formalisation: ize 
formalise: ize 
formalism: thinking 
formalist: thinking 
formalistic: thinking 
formalities: regulation 
formalization: ize 
formalize: ize 
formalwear: clothing 
format: PutInOrder 
formation: shape 
formative: PutInOrder 
formatting: PutInOrder 
formed: formed 
former: thing 
formerly: past 
formicate: crawl 
formication: phenomena 
formidable: powerful 
Formosa: place 
formularise: ize 
formularize: ize 
formulation: method 
formulist: human 
formulization: ize 
formwork: tool 
fornicate: mating 
fornication: mating 
fornicator: human 
fornicatress: human 
fornix: part 
forrad: InFront 
forrard: InFront 
forsake: abandon 
forsooth: FuncWord 
forswear: deny 
fort: facilities 
forte: Merit 
forth: InFront 
forthcoming: soon 
forthcomingness: happen 
forthright: frank 
forthrightness: Frankness 
forthwith: prompt 
fortieth: ordinal 
fortifiable: able 
fortification: strengthen 
fortifications: facilities 
fortitude: resolute 
fortnight: time 
fortnightly: publications 
fortress: facilities 
fortuitous: accidental 
fortuitously: FuncWord 
fortuity: fact 
fortunate: fortunate 
fortuneteller: human 
fortunetelling: guess 
forty: cardinal 
forum: fact 
forwardness: willing 
Foshan: place 
fossil: stone 
fossilisation: ize 
fossilise: ize 
fossilist: human 
fossilization: ize 
fossilize: ize 
fossilology: knowledge 
foster: ProvideFor 
fosterage: entrust 
fostering: entrust 
Fotiaoqiang: food 
fots: facilities 
foul: stinky 
foulness: Odor 
found: establish 
Found: expression 
founder: human 
foundling: human 
foundry: InstitutePlace 
fountain: waters 
fountainhead: Source 
four: cardinal 
fourfold: many 
fourscore: cardinal 
fourteen: cardinal 
fourteenth: ordinal 
fourth: ordinal 
fovea: part 
fowl: bird 
fox: beast 
foxglove: FlowerGrass 
foxhole: facilities 
foxhound: livestock 
foxhunt: catch 
foxtrot: recreation 
foxy: sly 
foyer: room 
Fr: metal 
fracas: quarrel 
fractionate: separate 
fractiously: stubborn 
fractocumulus: CloudMist 
fracture: location 
fragile: frail 
fragmentise: separate 
fragmentize: separate 
fragments: part 
fragrance: Odor 
fragrant: fragrant 
frail: frail 
frailness: frail 
frambesia: disease 
framboesia: disease 
framework: part 
franc: money 
Franc: money 
France: place 
Francis: human 
francium: metal 
frangible: easy 
frank: lucid 
Frankfort: place 
Frankfurt: place 
frankfurter: food 
frankincense: material 
frankly: lucid 
frantic: ardent 
frap: wrap 
fraternal: intimate 
fraternisation: associate 
fraternise: associate 
fraternization: associate 
fraternize: associate 
fratricide: kill 
fraud: fact 
fraudster: human 
fraudulent: sly 
fraudulently: sly 
fraught: CauseToExist 
fray: damage 
frazzle: damage 
FRB: institution 
freakish: queer 
freakout: fear 
freaky: queer 
freckle: disease 
Fredericton: place 
free: release 
freeboard: part 
freed: able 
freefall: GoDown 
freehanded: generous 
freeload: obtain 
freely: wieldy 
freeman: human 
freespoken: speak 
freestyle: fact 
Freetown: place 
freeway: route 
freewheel: slide 
freewoman: human 
freeze: weather 
Freiberg: place 
Freiburg: place 
freighter: ship 
frenchify: ize 
Frenchman: human 
Frenchwoman: human 
frenzied: fierce 
frenzy: mad 
freon: chemical 
frequancy: Frequency 
frequence: Frequency 
frequency: Frequency 
frequent: often 
frequenter: human 
frequently: often 
fresco: image 
freshen: wash 
freshful: nimble 
freshing: nimble 
freshly: recent 
freshness: new 
Fresno: place 
fress: eat 
fret: upset 
fretful: uneasy 
fretfulness: uneasy 
fretsaw: tool 
Freudian: human 
FRG: place 
Fri: time 
friable: easy 
friar: human 
fricandeau: food 
fricando: food 
fricassee: cook 
fricative: sound 
friction: Strength 
frictional: rub 
Friday: time 
fridge: tool 
friend: human 
friendly: intimate 
friendship: Intimacy 
fries: food 
frig: mating 
frigate: weapon 
fright: fear 
frightened: fear 
frightening: able 
frightfulness: able 
frigid: indifferent 
frigidity: indifferent 
frijol: vegetable 
frill: decorate 
frills: tool 
fringe: tool 
frisbee: tool 
Frisian: language 
frit: burn 
fritt: burn 
fritter: exhaust 
frivol: lavish 
frivolity: flighty 
frivolous: flighty 
frivolously: flighty 
frivolousness: flighty 
frizz: bend 
frizzle: bend 
frock: clothing 
frogfish: fish 
frons: part 
front: place 
frontier: part 
frontlet: tool 
frontline: place 
frontstall: tool 
frontward: InFront 
frontwards: InFront 
frosh: human 
frostbite: disease 
frostiness: weather 
frostwork: ice 
frosty: PropertyValue 
frown: CausePartMove 
fructification: reproduce 
fructose: chemical 
frugal: thrifty 
frugality: thrifty 
frugally: thrifty 
frugalness: thrifty 
fruitage: part 
fruitcake: food 
fruiterer: human 
fruitful: effective 
fruitfulness: succeed 
fruition: fulfil 
fruitless: ineffective 
fruitlessness: disadvantageous 
frustrate: obstruct 
frustrated: sad 
frustrating: disheartened 
frustration: obstruct 
frustum: image 
frypan: tool 
FSH: physical 
ft: Unit 
ftp: document 
Fu: surname 
Fuan: place 
fuchsin: red 
fuck: mating 
fuckup: result 
fucus: AlgaeFungi 
fuddle: drink 
fudge: alter 
Fuding: place 
Fuehrer: human 
fuel: material 
fugaciousness: TimeShort 
fugacity: TimeShort 
fugue: music 
Fuji: land 
Fujian: place 
Fujin: place 
Fujisawa: place 
Fujitsu: InstitutePlace 
Fujiyama: land 
Fukang: place 
Fukien: language 
Fukkianese: language 
Fukui: place 
Fukuoka: place 
Fukushima: place 
Fukuyama: place 
fulcrum: location 
Fulda: place 
fulfil: fulfil 
fulfillment: emotion 
fulgent: bright 
fulgurant: bright 
fulgurous: bright 
Fuling: place 
fullgrown: ripe 
fullness: Fullness 
fulltime: permanent 
fulminate: chemical 
fumatorium: room 
fumbler: human 
fumbling: NotQuick 
fumigant: medicine 
fumigate: AlterAppearance 
fumigation: AlterAppearance 
fun: tease 
funambulist: human 
functional: substantial 
functionalism: thinking 
functionally: substantial 
fundament: part 
fundamental: regulation 
fundamentalism: thinking 
fundamentals: regulation 
fundation: fund 
fundraise: gather 
fundraiser: human 
fundus: part 
funduscopy: fact 
funeral: fact 
funfair: facilities 
fungal: AlgaeFungi 
fungibility: Ability 
funicular: facilities 
funiculus: part 
Funing: place 
funk: GoBackward 
funky: stinky 
funnel: tool 
Fuqing: place 
furan: chemical 
furancilin: medicine 
furane: chemical 
furbish: AlterBrightness 
furcula: part 
furculum: part 
furfur: waste 
furfural: chemical 
furfuraldehyde: chemical 
furfuran: chemical 
furiously: fierce 
furiousness: Strength 
furlough: time 
furnish: provide 
furnishings: tool 
furniture: furniture 
furor: phenomena 
furore: phenomena 
furosemide: medicine 
furrier: InstitutePlace 
furring: physical 
furtherance: urge 
furthermore: FuncWord 
furthermost: far 
furthest: far 
furtive: covert 
furtively: covert 
furtiveness: covert 
Furukawa: place 
furuncle: disease 
furunculosis: disease 
fuse: tool 
fusee: part 
fuselage: part 
Fushan: place 
Fushun: place 
fuss: upset 
fussy: uneasy 
fustian: text 
fusty: regressive 
futhermore: FuncWord 
futilely: ineffective 
futures: artifact 
futurism: thinking 
futurist: thinking 
futuristic: thinking 
futurity: time 
futurology: knowledge 
Fuxin: place 
Fuyang: place 
Fuyuan: place 
Fuyv: place 
fuze: part 
fuzee: part 
Fuzhou: place 
fuzz: human 
fuzziness: blurred 
fuzzy: blurred 
gab: TalkNonsense 
gabardeen: material 
gabble: talk 
gabby: trivial 
gaberdine: material 
gabfest: text 
gable: part 
Gabon: place 
Gaborone: place 
Gabun: place 
gad: part 
gadfly: InsectWorm 
gadget: part 
gadolinium: metal 
gaffe: ungracious 
gaffer: human 
gaggle: sound 
Gai: surname 
gaiety: joyful 
gain: wealth 
gainable: able 
gainer: human 
Gainesville: place 
gainfulness: acquisitive 
gainless: impossible 
gainly: beautiful 
gainsay: deny 
Gaiping: place 
Gaixia: place 
Gaizhou: place 
gal: Unit 
galactic: celestial 
galantine: food 
galaxy: celestial 
gale: wind 
galea: part 
Galician: language 
Galileo: human 
gallane: chemical 
gallantly: dignified 
gallate: chemical 
gallbladder: part 
gallery: fact 
galling: able 
gallium: metal 
gallnut: FlowerGrass 
gallon: Unit 
gallous: tool 
gallows: tool 
gallstone: stone 
gallus: fittings 
galore: many 
galoshes: clothing 
galvanisation: excite 
galvanise: excite 
galvanism: fact 
galvanization: excite 
galvanize: excite 
Galveston: place 
gam: associate 
Gambia: place 
Gambian: RelatingToCountry 
gamble: gamble 
gambler: human 
gamboge: yellow 
gamecock: bird 
gameness: Courage 
gamer: human 
Games: fact 
gamesome: joyful 
gamester: human 
gametangium: part 
gamete: part 
gametogenesis: create 
gametogeny: create 
gametogony: create 
gaming: fact 
gamma: lights 
gammadion: shape 
gammatherapy: fact 
gamopetalous: FormValue 
Gan: surname 
gander: bird 
Gandhi: human 
gang: community 
Gang: waters 
gangboard: bridge 
gangdom: community 
Ganges: waters 
gangland: community 
ganglion: part 
gangmaster: human 
gangplank: bridge 
gangrape: mating 
gangster: human 
Gangtok: place 
gangway: tool 
Gannan: place 
Gannes: place 
Gansu: place 
Ganyu: place 
Ganzhou: place 
Ganzi: place 
Gao: surname 
Gaoan: place 
gaolbird: human 
gaolbreak: flee 
gaoler: human 
gaoleress: human 
Gaoping: place 
Gaoxiong: place 
Gaoyao: place 
Gaoyou: place 
gap: location 
Gap: place 
gaper: human 
Gara: place 
garble: alter 
garcinia: yellow 
gardener: human 
gardenesque: PatternValue 
garish: colored 
garishly: colored 
garishness: colored 
garment: clothing 
garmentmaker: human 
garmentworker: human 
garner: store 
garnish: decorate 
garniture: tool 
garoupa: fish 
garroter: human 
garrotter: human 
garrulously: trivial 
garrulousness: trivial 
Gary: place 
gasbag: tool 
gasconade: boast 
gaseity: PhysicState 
gash: disease 
gasifiable: able 
gasification: ize 
gasify: ize 
gasohol: material 
gasolene: material 
gasoline: material 
gasomater: tool 
gasp: pant 
gaspingly: PropertyValue 
gastralgia: phenomena 
gastric: part 
gastritis: disease 
gastrocnemius: part 
gastroenteric: part 
gastroenteritis: disease 
gastroenterologist: human 
gastroenterology: knowledge 
gastrointestinal: part 
gastrologer: human 
gastronome: human 
gastronomic: knowledge 
gastronomy: knowledge 
gastropathy: disease 
gastroptosis: disease 
gastroscope: tool 
gastroscopy: fact 
gastrospasm: phenomena 
gastrotomy: fact 
gastrula: part 
gate: part 
gatecrasher: human 
gatekeeper: human 
gateway: location 
gather: meet 
gathering: meet 
Gatineau: place 
GATT: part 
gauche: ungracious 
gaudiness: colored 
gauffer: tool 
gauge: tool 
gauger: human 
gaunt: bony 
gauntness: bony 
gauss: Unit 
gaussian: Unit 
gauze: tool 
gauzy: clear 
gavial: beast 
gawk: look 
gawky: NotQuick 
gawp: look 
Gaza: place 
Gazan: human 
gaze: look 
gazebo: part 
gazelle: beast 
gazer: human 
gazette: material 
gazetteer: publications 
gazpacho: food 
gazump: propose 
Gc: Unit 
gcd: symbol 
Gd: metal 
GDP: Amount 
GDR: place 
Ge: surname 
gearing: machine 
gearshift: alter 
geartrain: machine 
GEB: InstitutePlace 
gecko: beast 
gedeng: sound 
geek: human 
geezer: human 
gege: sound 
geisha: human 
Gejiu: place 
gelatin: material 
gelatiniform: FormValue 
gelatinise: AlterForm 
gelatinize: AlterForm 
gelatinoid: FormValue 
gelation: StateChange 
geld: remove 
gelder: human 
gelechiid: InsectWorm 
gelid: cold 
gelidity: experience 
gelsemium: FlowerGrass 
gemeinschaft: group 
gemel: become 
gemination: repeat 
geminative: double 
Gemini: KindValue 
gemma: part 
gemmate: reproduce 
gemmation: reproduce 
gemmative: reproduce 
gemme: part 
gemsbok: beast 
gemsbuck: beast 
gemstone: material 
gendarme: human 
gendarmerie: part 
gendarmery: part 
gender: Kind 
gene: part 
genealogist: human 
genealogize: situated 
general: wholly 
generalisation: ize 
generalissimo: human 
generalist: human 
generalize: ize 
generalized: EffectivityValue 
generals: human 
generate: produce 
generational: TimeLong 
generative: able 
generator: tool 
generatrix: shape 
generic: general 
genericness: Name 
generosity: generous 
generous: many 
generousity: Tolerance 
generously: generous 
Genesis: part 
genesis: Source 
genetic: SourceValue 
genetically: AttachmentValue 
geneticist: human 
genetics: knowledge 
Geneva: place 
Geneve: place 
Genf: place 
Geng: surname 
gengrative: reproduce 
genially: amiable 
genic: part 
geniculate: curved 
genie: humanized 
genital: reproduce 
genitive: Performance 
genitourinary: able 
geniture: ComeToWorld 
Genoa: place 
genocidal: destroy 
genocide: fact 
genome: part 
genomics: knowledge 
genopathy: disease 
genotype: Kind 
genre: Kind 
genres: Style 
gens: tribe 
gent: human 
genteelly: gracious 
genteelness: Demeanor 
gentian: FlowerGrass 
gentile: human 
gentilitial: place 
gentle: gradual 
gentlemanlike: gracious 
gentlemanly: gracious 
gentlemanship: Demeanor 
gentleness: Content 
gentlewomanly: human 
gentrification: ize 
gentrify: ize 
Gents: room 
genu: part 
genuflect: surrender 
genuflexion: surrender 
genuineness: Trueness 
geocentricism: knowledge 
geochemistry: knowledge 
geodesy: knowledge 
geodynamical: knowledge 
geodynamics: knowledge 
geographer: human 
geographic: knowledge 
geographical: knowledge 
geographics: knowledge 
geography: knowledge 
geologic: knowledge 
geological: knowledge 
geologist: human 
geology: knowledge 
geomagnetic: Performance 
geomancer: human 
geomechanics: knowledge 
geometric: knowledge 
geometrician: human 
geometrid: InsectWorm 
geometry: knowledge 
geomorphic: knowledge 
geomorphologist: human 
geomorphology: knowledge 
geophagia: Habit 
geophagy: Habit 
geophysical: knowledge 
geophysicist: human 
geophysics: knowledge 
geopolitical: knowledge 
geopolitician: human 
geoponic: affairs 
geoponics: affairs 
George: Name 
Georgetown: place 
georgette: material 
Georgian: RelatingToCountry 
geoscientist: human 
geostrategic: knowledge 
geostrategist: human 
geostrategy: knowledge 
geothermal: Strength 
geriatrician: human 
geriatricians: knowledge 
geriatrics: knowledge 
germane: intimate 
germanium: metal 
Germany: place 
germen: part 
germicidal: kill 
germicide: chemical 
germiculture: fact 
germinally: part 
germinant: reproduce 
germinate: reproduce 
germination: reproduce 
germinative: reproduce 
germplasm: part 
germy: PropertyValue 
gerontology: knowledge 
gerrymander: separate 
gerund: part 
gesellschaf: group 
gesso: stone 
Gestapo: human 
gestational: time 
gesticulate: express 
gesticulation: express 
gestosis: disease 
gesture: Posture 
get: undergo 
getatable: able 
getaway: flee 
gettable: possible 
getter: human 
getup: clothing 
geyser: waters 
Ghana: place 
Ghanaian: RelatingToCountry 
gharry: LandVehicle 
ghastliness: able 
ghastly: able 
ghaut: route 
ghee: material 
ghetto: place 
ghettoise: separate 
ghettoize: separate 
ghost: humanized 
ghostdom: place 
ghostly: able 
ghostwrite: write 
ghostwriter: human 
ghoulish: fierce 
ghyll: land 
GHz: Unit 
GI: clean 
giantess: human 
gib: livestock 
gibber: TalkNonsense 
gibbon: beast 
gibbous: protruding 
gibbsite: stone 
gibelike: unfriendly 
giber: human 
giblets: tool 
Gibraltar: place 
Gibraltarian: place 
Gibralter: place 
giddiness: dizzy 
giddy: flighty 
Giessen: place 
gifted: wise 
giftie: Ability 
Gifu: place 
gigabyte: Unit 
gigacycle: Unit 
gigahertz: Unit 
gigantesque: big 
gigantic: big 
gigantically: big 
giggle: laugh 
giglot: human 
gigmanity: human 
gigolo: human 
gild: apply 
gilded: CoveringValue 
gilder: human 
gilding: CoveringValue 
gilled: own 
gimcrackery: tool 
gimcracks: tool 
gimlet: tool 
gimp: walk 
gin: SqueezeOut 
gingerliness: cautious 
gingerroot: part 
gingersnap: food 
gingery: TasteValue 
gingham: material 
gingival: part 
gingivitis: disease 
gingko: fruit 
ginglymus: part 
ginkgoaceae: tree 
ginseng: FlowerGrass 
Ginza: place 
gip: cheat 
gippo: drinks 
gipsy: human 
giraffe: beast 
gird: restrain 
girdle: tool 
girl: human 
girlfriend: human 
girlhood: time 
girlie: human 
girlish: human 
girly: BehaviorValue 
giro: aircraft 
gismo: thing 
gist: reason 
give: GiveAsGift 
giveaway: physical 
giver: human 
gizmo: thing 
gizzard: part 
glabella: part 
glabrous: spotless 
glacial: indifferent 
glaciate: StateChange 
glacier: ice 
glad: joyful 
gladden: willing 
gladfulness: joyful 
gladiator: human 
gladiola: FlowerGrass 
gladiolus: FlowerGrass 
gladness: joyful 
gladsome: able 
gladsomeness: joyful 
gladstone: tool 
glair: part 
glaive: tool 
glamor: Ability 
glamorisation: ize 
glamorise: ize 
glamorization: ize 
glamorize: ize 
glamour: MakeMisunderstand 
glamourisation: ize 
glamourise: ize 
glamourization: ize 
glamourize: ize 
gland: part 
glanderous: disease 
glanders: disease 
glandiform: FormValue 
glandular: part 
glans: part 
glare: look 
glareole: bird 
glaring: bright 
glary: bright 
Glasgow: place 
glass: tool 
glassblower: human 
glassful: NounUnit 
glasshouse: facilities 
glassine: material 
glassiness: clear 
glassmaker: human 
glasswork: tool 
glassworker: human 
glassworks: InstitutePlace 
glassy: AppearanceValue 
glaucoma: disease 
glaucomatous: disease 
glave: weapon 
GlaxoSmithKline: InstitutePlace 
glazed: bright 
glazer: human 
glazier: human 
gleam: illuminate 
glean: gather 
glee: joyful 
gleefulness: joyful 
gliddiness: dizzy 
glide: sound 
glider: aircraft 
glidingly: fluent 
Glinka: human 
glint: illuminate 
glioblastoma: disease 
glioma: disease 
glissade: decline 
glissando: part 
glisten: illuminate 
glistening: bright 
glitch: phenomena 
glittering: magnificent 
gloaming: Scene 
gloat: satisfied 
glob: shape 
globalisation: ize 
globalise: ize 
globalization: ize 
globalize: ize 
globefish: fish 
globetrotter: human 
globosity: round 
globular: round 
globularness: round 
globulin: part 
glom: steal 
glomerulonephritis: disease 
glomerulus: part 
glonoin: medicine 
gloomily: dark 
gloominess: dark 
gloriously: glorious 
glory: lights 
gloss: lights 
glossa: part 
glossarial: expression 
glossitis: disease 
glossoptosis: phenomena 
glottis: part 
Gloucester: place 
glow: StateChange 
glower: look 
glowing: red 
glowworm: InsectWorm 
glucagon: medicine 
glucinium: metal 
glucocorticoid: physical 
glucosamine: chemical 
glucose: material 
glucoside: chemical 
glue: material 
gluey: sticky 
glug: MakeSound 
glum: sad 
glume: part 
gluside: material 
glutamate: chemical 
glutelin: part 
gluten: part 
gluteus: part 
glutinous: sticky 
gluttonise: eat 
gluttonize: eat 
gluttonous: acquisitive 
gluttonously: acquisitive 
glyceraldehyde: chemical 
glyceride: chemical 
glycerin: chemical 
glycerine: chemical 
glycerite: chemical 
glycerol: chemical 
glycerole: chemical 
glycine: chemical 
glycogen: chemical 
glycol: chemical 
glycoprotein: part 
glyph: image 
glyptics: method 
gm: Unit 
GMF: edible 
GMO: animate 
GMT: time 
gnarl: ExpressDissatisfaction 
gnash: bite 
gnathitis: disease 
gnawer: beast 
gnawing: worried 
gneiss: stone 
gnome: humanized 
gnomon: tool 
GNP: Amount 
gnu: beast 
go: VehicleGo 
goading: method 
goal: result 
goalie: human 
goalkeeper: human 
goalpost: part 
goatee: part 
goatfish: fish 
goatherd: human 
goatish: lascivious 
goatling: livestock 
goatmoth: InsectWorm 
goatskin: part 
goatsucker: bird 
goaty: lascivious 
gobang: tool 
gobbet: food 
gobble: swallow 
gobbledygook: expression 
gobi: land 
goblet: tool 
goblin: humanized 
gobo: fittings 
God: human 
god: humanized 
godchild: human 
goddaughter: human 
goddess: humanized 
Godhead: humanized 
godown: facilities 
godparents: human 
godsend: wealth 
godson: human 
goffer: tool 
goggle: look 
goggles: tool 
Gogol: human 
goiter: disease 
goji: part 
goldfish: fish 
goldplate: apply 
goldsmith: human 
goldworker: human 
golem: implement 
goliath: physical 
goling: bird 
Golmud: place 
gomandise: eat 
gomandize: eat 
gomphosis: part 
gonad: part 
gonadotropin: physical 
gong: MusicTool 
Gong: surname 
Gongbei: place 
Gongliang: surname 
Gongshu: surname 
Gongsun: surname 
Gongxi: surname 
Gongxian: place 
Gongye: surname 
Gongzhuling: place 
gonion: part 
gonochorism: animate 
gonococcus: bacteria 
gonorrhea: disease 
gonzo: queer 
goo: stone 
good: HighQuality 
goodby: expression 
goodbye: expression 
goodlooking: GoodLooking 
goods: artifact 
goodwife: human 
goodwill: emotion 
goody: edible 
goofball: human 
goofproof: obstruct 
Google: InstitutePlace 
google: LookFor 
goon: human 
gooney: bird 
goose: bird 
gooseberry: fruit 
goral: beast 
Gorbachev: human 
gorgeous: beautiful 
gorgeousness: beautiful 
gorilla: beast 
Gorky: human 
gormandise: enjoy 
gormandize: enjoy 
gory: AppearanceValue 
goshawk: bird 
Gospel: knowledge 
GOT: part 
Goteborg: place 
Gotha: place 
Gothic: PatternValue 
Gou: surname 
gouache: image 
gouger: human 
Goukang: surname 
goulash: food 
goumandize: eat 
gourd: tool 
Gourde: money 
gourmand: human 
gourmandize: enjoy 
gourmandizer: human 
gourmet: human 
gout: disease 
governance: part 
governess: human 
governmental: institution 
governorship: Occupation 
gown: clothing 
goy: human 
GP: human 
GPS: facilities 
GPT: part 
grab: steal 
grace: Grace 
gracefulness: Grace 
graceless: vulgar 
gracelessly: vulgar 
gracility: Grace 
graciousness: gracious 
grackle: bird 
grad: human 
gradate: classify 
grade: symbol 
gradient: Slope 
gradual: stepwise 
graduality: Graduality 
gradualness: Graduality 
gradus: Pattern 
graffito: image 
graft: receive 
grafting: connect 
graham: material 
grail: purpose 
Grail: tool 
grain: shape 
grains: material 
grainy: crude 
gram: Unit 
grammar: regulation 
grammarian: human 
grammatical: regulation 
grammatically: regulation 
grammatist: human 
grammatology: knowledge 
gramme: Unit 
Grammys: tool 
gramophone: tool 
gramps: human 
granary: facilities 
grandad: human 
grandaunt: human 
grandchildren: human 
granddad: human 
granddaddy: human 
grandiloquence: expression 
grandiloquent: boast 
grandiose: grand 
grandiosity: expression 
grandly: stately 
grandmaster: human 
grandniece: human 
grandpa: human 
grandparent: human 
grandparents: human 
grandstander: human 
granite: stone 
granitelike: hard 
granitic: hard 
grant: RegardAs 
grantee: human 
grantor: human 
granularity: Size 
granulation: part 
granule: shape 
granulocytopenia: disease 
granulomatosis: disease 
granulose: crude 
grape: fruit 
grapefruit: fruit 
grapery: InstitutePlace 
graph: image 
graphene: chemical 
graphic: image 
graphical: image 
graphite: inanimate 
graphologist: human 
graphology: knowledge 
grapple: handle 
grappler: human 
grasshopper: InsectWorm 
grassland: land 
grate: part 
grateful: grateful 
gratefulness: emotion 
grater: tool 
gratification: satisfied 
gratified: joyful 
gratify: CauseToDo 
gratifying: able 
gratifyingly: able 
gratis: FreeOfCharge 
gratitude: emotion 
gratuitous: FreeOfCharge 
gratuitously: FreeOfCharge 
gratuity: payment 
graupel: RainSnow 
gravamen: text 
grave: serious 
graveclothes: clothing 
gravedigger: human 
gravel: stone 
gravely: dignified 
graveness: dignified 
graver: tool 
graverobber: human 
gravestone: mark 
graveyard: facilities 
gravida: human 
gravidity: pregnant 
gravidness: pregnant 
gravimetry: fact 
gravitate: endorse 
gravure: tool 
gravy: drinks 
grayness: grey 
graze: rub 
grazier: human 
greasepaint: material 
greasiness: Property 
greasy: PoorTaste 
greatest: extreme 
greatness: big 
greed: aspiration 
greediness: aspiration 
Greek: RelatingToCountry 
Greeley: place 
green: unripe 
greenback: money 
greenbelt: facilities 
greenbrier: FlowerGrass 
greengage: fruit 
greengrocer: InstitutePlace 
greenhorn: human 
greenhouse: facilities 
Greenland: place 
Greensboro: place 
greensward: land 
greenway: facilities 
Greenwich: place 
greenwood: place 
greet: welcome 
greeting: expression 
Greifswald: place 
Grenada: place 
Grenadan: human 
grenadan: RelatingToCountry 
grenade: weapon 
Grenadian: RelatingToCountry 
Grenoble: place 
grey: white 
greybeard: human 
greyhound: livestock 
greyness: grey 
griddle: tool 
griddlecake: food 
gridiron: tool 
gridlock: suffer 
grieve: sorrowful 
grieved: sorrowful 
grievous: serious 
griffin: beast 
grifter: human 
grille: tool 
grillwork: tool 
grime: waste 
grimness: Effortfulness 
Grimsby: place 
grinder: machine 
grindstone: tool 
gripe: ExpressDissatisfaction 
grisly: able 
grissino: food 
grist: material 
gristle: part 
gristmill: InstitutePlace 
gritrock: stone 
gritstone: stone 
grizzle: ExpressDissatisfaction 
grizzled: grey 
groak: look 
groan: MakeSound 
grocer: human 
groceries: artifact 
grocery: InstitutePlace 
grog: material 
grogginess: dizzy 
groggy: dizzy 
grok: understand 
groomsman: human 
groove: trace 
grossness: Vulgarity 
grosz: money 
grotesque: malformed 
grotesqueness: malformed 
grotesquerie: malformed 
grotesquery: malformed 
grouch: ExpressDissatisfaction 
ground: Scene 
groundball: phenomena 
grounder: phenomena 
groundhog: beast 
groundless: fake 
groundlessly: fake 
groundnut: fruit 
groundspeed: Speed 
groundwater: water 
groundwork: part 
grouper: fish 
groupie: human 
grouping: system 
grout: fill 
grove: tree 
growing: BecomeMore 
growl: MakeSound 
grownup: human 
growth: planting 
groyne: facilities 
grubstake: grant 
grudge: refuse 
grudging: inactive 
grudgingly: inactive 
gruel: food 
grueling: effortful 
gruelling: effortful 
gruesome: able 
gruesomeness: able 
gruffly: hoarse 
gruffness: rash 
grumble: text 
grumbler: human 
grumpiness: BadTemper 
grunt: MakeSound 
gruntle: soothe 
gryoplane: aircraft 
gryphon: beast 
GSK: InstitutePlace 
GSP: regulation 
Gu: surname 
Guam: place 
Guan: surname 
Guang: surname 
Guangan: place 
Guangdong: place 
Guangfeng: place 
Guanghan: place 
Guangling: place 
Guangxi: place 
Guangxu: time 
Guangyuan: place 
Guangzhou: place 
guanidine: chemical 
guanine: part 
Guannan: place 
guano: excrement 
Guantanamo: facilities 
Guanxian: place 
Guanyin: humanized 
Guanyun: place 
guarantee: guarantee 
guarantor: human 
guaranty: guarantee 
guardhouse: room 
guardrail: fittings 
guardroom: room 
Guatemala: place 
guava: fruit 
gubbins: thing 
guck: stone 
Guderian: human 
gudgeon: fish 
guerdon: payment 
guess: regard 
guest: temporary 
guesthouse: house 
guestroom: room 
guffaw: laugh 
guggle: MakeSound 
Gui: surname 
guide: readings 
guidebook: readings 
guidepost: mark 
guiding: primary 
Guigang: place 
Guihai: surname 
guild: community 
Guilder: money 
guildhall: InstitutePlace 
guile: sly 
guileless: honest 
Guilin: place 
guillotine: tool 
guilt: fact 
guiltless: guiltless 
guilty: guilty 
Guinea: place 
Guinness: accomplishment 
Guiping: place 
guise: pretend 
guitar: MusicTool 
guitarfish: fish 
guitarist: human 
Guixi: place 
Guizhou: place 
Gujarati: language 
gulch: route 
gulf: waters 
Guliang: surname 
gulliable: naif 
gullible: easy 
gulp: swallow 
gulyas: food 
gum: part 
gumbo: fruit 
gumma: disease 
gummy: sticky 
gums: part 
gumshield: SportTool 
Gun: surname 
gunboat: weapon 
guncotton: material 
gunfight: fact 
gunfire: fact 
gunk: stone 
gunmetal: metal 
gunny: material 
gunnysack: tool 
gunplay: fact 
gunpowder: material 
gunrunner: human 
gunshot: fact 
gunsight: part 
gunslinger: human 
gunsmith: human 
Guo: surname 
guppy: fish 
gurgle: sound 
gurgling: sound 
gurnard: fish 
gurney: tool 
guru: human 
gush: jet 
gust: wind 
gusto: emotion 
gustou: emotion 
gutless: timid 
guts: Courage 
gutta: water 
gutter: waters 
guttle: swallow 
guttural: sound 
Guxian: place 
guy: human 
Guyana: place 
Guyanese: RelatingToCountry 
Guyuan: place 
guzheng: MusicTool 
guzzle: drink 
gybe: alter 
gym: fact 
gymnast: human 
gymnastic: fact 
gymnastics: fact 
gynaecium: part 
gynaecologist: human 
gynandromorph: human 
gyne: InsectWorm 
gynecium: part 
gynecologic: knowledge 
gynecological: knowledge 
gynecologist: human 
gynecology: knowledge 
gynoecium: part 
gynogenesis: fact 
gypsophila: FlowerGrass 
gypsum: material 
gypsy: human 
gyrate: rotate 
gyro: tool 
gyroscope: tool 
gyrus: part 
H: chemical 
ha: sound 
Habana: place 
haberdasher: human 
haberdashery: human 
habilitate: PutOn 
habit: Habit 
habitable: able 
habitant: human 
habitation: reside 
habits: Habit 
habitual: habitual 
habituation: fit 
habitude: Habit 
habitus: Physique 
Hachinohe: place 
hackamore: tool 
hacker: human 
hackle: PutInOrder 
hackneyed: uninventive 
hacksaw: tool 
hacktivist: human 
hada: tool 
haddock: fish 
hadj: fact 
hadji: human 
haemangioma: disease 
haematic: part 
haematoblast: part 
haematochezia: phenomena 
haematocrit: Rate 
haematocyte: part 
haematogenic: fact 
haematological: knowledge 
haematology: knowledge 
haematolysis: StateChange 
haematoma: phenomena 
haematopoietic: fact 
haematotoxicosis: disease 
haematozoon: InsectWorm 
haematuria: phenomena 
haemodialysis: fact 
haemoglobin: part 
haemoglobinopathy: disease 
haemogram: image 
haemolysis: StateChange 
haemolytic: StateChange 
haemophile: human 
haemophiliac: human 
haemopoietic: fact 
haemoptysis: vomit 
haemorrhage: bleed 
haemorrhoid: disease 
haemorrhoids: disease 
haemostasia: restrain 
haemostasis: restrain 
haemostat: tool 
haemostatic: medicine 
haemothorax: disease 
haeres: human 
hafnium: metal 
haft: part 
hagfish: fish 
haggard: wane 
haggle: discuss 
Hague: place 
Haicheng: place 
Haidian: place 
Haifa: place 
Haikou: place 
haiku: text 
Hailar: place 
hailstone: RainSnow 
hailstorm: RainSnow 
Haimen: place 
Hainan: place 
Haining: place 
Haiphong: fact 
hair: part 
hairbrush: tool 
hairchested: sturdy 
haircords: material 
haircutter: human 
hairdress: MakeUp 
hairdresser: human 
hairdressing: tool 
hairgrip: tool 
hairlike: FormValue 
hairline: part 
hairnet: tool 
hairpiece: tool 
hairpin: tool 
hairspring: part 
hairstyle: Pattern 
hairstylist: human 
hairtail: fish 
hairy: FormValue 
Haiti: place 
Haiyuan: place 
haj: fact 
haji: human 
hajj: fact 
hajji: human 
Hakenkreuz: mark 
Hakka: language 
Hakkas: tribe 
Hakodate: place 
halation: trace 
halberd: weapon 
halcyon: bird 
haleness: sturdy 
halfback: human 
halfbeak: fish 
halfdead: dangerous 
halfpenny: Unit 
halfway: location 
halfwit: human 
Halifax: place 
haliotis: AnimalHuman 
halite: chemical 
halitosis: phenomena 
hall: room 
hallah: food 
Halle: place 
hallmark: Property 
halloo: expression 
hallow: salute 
Halloween: time 
hallstand: tool 
hallucination: experience 
hallucinogen: medicine 
hallway: part 
halo: lights 
halobacter: bacteria 
halobacteria: bacteria 
halobacterium: bacteria 
halogen: chemical 
halogenate: ize 
halt: stay 
haltingly: NotQuick 
halutz: human 
halve: separate 
Hamamatsu: place 
Hamamelidaceae: tree 
hamartoma: disease 
Hamas: community 
Hamburg: place 
hamburger: food 
HAMC: community 
Hameln: place 
Hami: place 
Hamilton: place 
Hamlet: human 
hamlet: place 
Hamm: place 
hammer: tool 
hammerheaded: foolish 
hammerman: human 
hammersmith: human 
hamper: obstruct 
hampering: cumbersome 
hamster: beast 
hamulus: part 
Han: surname 
Hanau: place 
Hancheng: place 
hand: trace 
Handan: place 
handarm: weapon 
handbag: tool 
handbarrow: LandVehicle 
handbill: text 
handbook: readings 
handbreadth: Length 
handbuild: produce 
handcar: LandVehicle 
handcart: LandVehicle 
handclap: beat 
handclasp: ShowLove 
handcolor: AlterColor 
handcraft: artifact 
handcuffs: tool 
handgun: weapon 
handheld: PatternValue 
handhold: part 
handicraft: artifact 
handily: convenient 
handiness: Ability 
handiwork: artifact 
handkerchief: tool 
handle: treat 
handler: human 
handlock: tool 
handmade: ProcessingStateValue 
handmaid: human 
handmaiden: human 
handout: text 
handphone: tool 
handsaw: tool 
handsbreadth: Length 
handsel: physical 
handset: tool 
handsewn: ProcessingStateValue 
handshake: ShowLove 
handshaking: ShowLove 
handsome: beautiful 
handsomeness: Beauty 
handspike: tool 
handstamp: obey 
handstand: stand 
handstitched: ProcessingStateValue 
handtailor: ProcessingStateValue 
handwarmer: tool 
handwash: wash 
handwoven: ProcessingStateValue 
handwrite: write 
handwritten: FormValue 
handyman: human 
hang: method 
Hang: surname 
hangabout: walk 
hangar: facilities 
hangback: hesitate 
hanging: tool 
hangnail: part 
hangover: dizzy 
Hangzhou: place 
hanker: expect 
hankey: tool 
hankie: tool 
Hankou: place 
hanky: tool 
Hannover: place 
Hanoi: place 
Hanover: place 
Hans: tribe 
Hanyang: place 
Hanzhong: place 
Hao: surname 
Haozhou: place 
hap: fact 
haphazardly: rash 
hapless: misfortunate 
haploid: part 
haploidic: part 
happen: happen 
happening: fact 
happenstance: fact 
happily: happy 
happiness: Living 
haptic: experience 
harakiri: suicide 
harangue: speak 
Harare: place 
harasser: human 
harassment: MakeTrouble 
Harbin: place 
harbinger: information 
harbor: cherish 
harbour: protect 
harbourage: InstitutePlace 
harbourmaster: human 
hard: strong 
hardback: hardback 
hardbacked: hardback 
hardbound: hardback 
hardcopy: document 
hardcover: hardback 
hardcurrency: money 
hardheaded: calm 
hardhearted: wicked 
hardheartedness: wicked 
hardlanding: arrive 
hardly: rarely 
hardship: mishap 
hardships: Easiness 
hardstand: facilities 
hardtack: food 
hardup: poor 
hardworking: diligent 
hare: livestock 
harebrained: rash 
harehearted: timid 
harelip: disease 
harikari: suicide 
hark: listen 
harken: listen 
Harlem: place 
harlot: human 
harm: Disadvantage 
harmful: disadvantageous 
harmfully: disadvantageous 
harmless: advantageous 
harmonic: shape 
harmonica: MusicTool 
harmonics: knowledge 
harmoniousness: Harmony 
harmonization: coordinate 
harmony: sound 
harness: use 
harp: MusicTool 
Harper: human 
harper: human 
harpist: human 
harpy: human 
harrassment: damage 
harrier: bird 
Harrisburg: place 
harrow: tool 
harrowing: miserable 
harry: rob 
hartford: place 
Harvard: InstitutePlace 
harvest: time 
harvester: machine 
harvesting: gather 
haschisch: medicine 
hash: medicine 
hasheesh: medicine 
hashish: medicine 
hasid: human 
haslet: food 
hasp: tool 
hassid: human 
haste: hasty 
hastily: rash 
hastiness: rash 
Hastings: place 
hat: clothing 
hatch: reproduce 
hatchery: InstitutePlace 
hatchet: tool 
hate: unwilling 
hatefulness: able 
hater: human 
hatful: NounUnit 
hatmaker: human 
hatred: emotion 
hatter: human 
haughtily: arrogant 
haughty: arrogant 
hauling: fact 
haunch: part 
haunt: place 
Hausa: language 
haustellum: part 
haustorium: part 
hauteur: Pride 
Havana: place 
Havant: place 
have: undergo 
haven: InstitutePlace 
haversack: tool 
havoc: mishap 
Hawaii: place 
hawk: tool 
hawkbill: fish 
hawker: human 
hawkish: FondOf 
hawkishness: Behavior 
hawkmoth: InsectWorm 
hawksbill: fish 
hawser: tool 
hawthorn: tree 
hay: FlowerGrass 
hayfork: tool 
haymaking: dry 
hayrick: FlowerGrass 
Hayti: place 
hazard: Circumstances 
hazardous: dangerous 
hazehang: WeatherBad 
hazel: tree 
hazelnut: fruit 
hazily: blurred 
haziness: blurred 
HCG: physical 
HD: Lucidity 
HDL: physical 
HDLC: physical 
HDTV: tool 
He: surname 
head: undertake 
headachy: able 
headboard: part 
headcount: Amount 
headcounter: human 
headdress: clothing 
header: phenomena 
headfirst: InFront 
headhunter: InstitutePlace 
headhunting: call 
heading: part 
headlamp: part 
headland: land 
headlight: part 
headline: part 
headlinese: expression 
headman: human 
headmaster: human 
headmistress: human 
headmoney: expenditure 
headnote: part 
headpage: part 
headphone: tool 
headpiece: clothing 
headquarters: part 
headquaters: InstitutePlace 
headrest: part 
headscarf: clothing 
headset: tool 
headsman: human 
headstand: stand 
headstrong: regard 
headware: implement 
headwater: part 
headwaters: location 
headwear: tool 
headwind: wind 
headwork: affairs 
heady: free 
heal: doctor 
health: Health 
healthcare: affairs 
healthful: advantageous 
healthfulness: advantageous 
healthgiving: advantageous 
healthily: healthy 
healthiness: healthy 
hearer: human 
hearken: listen 
hearsay: information 
hearse: LandVehicle 
heartache: sorrowful 
heartbleed: bleed 
heartbreak: sorrowful 
heartbreaker: sorrowful 
heartbreaking: able 
heartbroken: sorrowful 
heartburn: StomachTrouble 
heartburning: jealous 
hearten: excite 
heartfelt: earnest 
hearth: tool 
heartless: wicked 
heartlessness: wicked 
heartrendering: able 
heartrending: worried 
heartsick: disappointed 
heartsickness: disheartened 
heartsore: sorrowful 
heartstirring: able 
heartstricken: sorrowful 
heartstrings: mental 
heartthrob: phenomena 
heartwarming: soothe 
heartwhole: earnest 
heated: ardent 
heathen: human 
heathenism: community 
Heathrow: facilities 
heating: WarmUp 
heatseal: fasten 
heatseeking: PerformanceValue 
heatstroke: fever 
Heaven: humanized 
Heavens: humanized 
heavens: sky 
heavily: strong 
heavy: TasteStrong 
heavyhearted: sad 
heavyweight: Rank 
Hebei: place 
hebetate: NotQuick 
hebetude: foolish 
Hebi: place 
Hebraic: language 
Hebraical: language 
Hechi: place 
Hechuan: place 
heckle: PutInOrder 
hectare: Unit 
hectic: busy 
hectocotylus: part 
hectogram: Unit 
hectograph: print 
hectoliter: Unit 
hectolitre: Unit 
hectometre: Unit 
hector: damage 
Hector: humanized 
hedgefund: fund 
hedgehog: beast 
hedgehop: fly 
hedgerow: part 
hedonic: thinking 
hedonism: thinking 
heedfully: careful 
heedfulness: careful 
heedless: attentive 
heelbone: part 
heelpost: part 
Hefei: place 
heft: Weight 
hefty: sturdy 
Hegang: place 
hegemon: human 
hegemonism: system 
hegemony: system 
heght: Circumstances 
hegira: escape 
Heidelberg: place 
heifer: livestock 
height: Stature 
Heihe: place 
Heilbronn: place 
Heilongjiang: place 
heinous: fierce 
heinously: fierce 
heinousness: Behavior 
heir: human 
heiress: human 
heirloom: treasure 
heirship: rights 
Heishan: place 
heist: rob 
Hejin: place 
hejira: escape 
Helen: humanized 
Helena: place 
heliacal: celestial 
Helian: surname 
helical: curved 
helicopter: aircraft 
heliograph: express 
heliotherapy: fact 
heliotrope: purple 
helium: chemical 
hell: place 
hellbent: stubborn 
hellcat: human 
Helligendam: place 
hellish: miserable 
helm: part 
helmet: clothing 
helminthic: chemical 
helmsman: human 
helot: human 
helper: human 
helpful: advantageous 
helplessly: AbilityValue 
helpmate: human 
helpmeet: human 
Helsingfors: place 
Helsinki: place 
hemagglutinate: StateChange 
hemangioma: disease 
hematemesis: vomit 
hematite: inanimate 
hematoblast: part 
hematochezia: phenomena 
hematogenic: fact 
hematologic: knowledge 
hematological: knowledge 
hematology: knowledge 
hematolysis: StateChange 
hematoma: phenomena 
hematoncus: phenomena 
hematopoietic: fact 
hematozoon: InsectWorm 
hematuresis: phenomena 
hemelytron: part 
hemicrania: phenomena 
hemisphere: earth 
hemispheric: round 
hemochromatosis: disease 
hemodialysis: fact 
hemoglobinopathy: disease 
hemolysis: StateChange 
hemophile: human 
hemophilia: disease 
hemophiliac: human 
hemopoietic: fact 
hemoptysis: vomit 
hemorrhage: bleed 
hemorrhoid: disease 
hemostasia: restrain 
hemostasis: restrain 
hemstitch: fasten 
hen: bird 
Henan: place 
henbane: FlowerGrass 
hence: FuncWord 
henceforward: FuncWord 
henchmen: human 
hencoop: facilities 
hendecahedron: image 
Hengdong: place 
Hengshui: place 
Hengxian: place 
Hengyang: place 
henhearted: irresolute 
henhouse: facilities 
henpecked: fear 
heparin: medicine 
hepatic: part 
hepatitis: disease 
hepatoma: disease 
hepatomegaly: disease 
hepatoptosis: disease 
heptad: cardinal 
heptanal: chemical 
heptanol: chemical 
heptathlon: fact 
heptene: chemical 
heptylate: chemical 
heptylene: chemical 
Heqv: place 
herald: information 
heraldry: mark 
herbaceous: PropertyValue 
herbage: FlowerGrass 
herbalist: human 
herbarium: InstitutePlace 
herbicide: chemical 
herbivorous: HabitValue 
herd: TakeCare 
herdsman: human 
here: location 
hereabout: location 
hereabouts: location 
hereby: FuncWord 
hereditable: able 
heredity: PassOn 
herein: location 
hereinafter: FuncWord 
hereinbefore: FuncWord 
hereof: FuncWord 
heres: human 
heresy: thinking 
heretical: wicked 
hereto: FuncWord 
heretofore: present 
hereunder: FuncWord 
hereupon: FuncWord 
herewith: FuncWord 
heritage: thing 
heritor: human 
hermaphroditic: female 
hermaphroditism: animate 
hermeneutics: knowledge 
hermetic: able 
hermit: human 
hernia: disease 
herniation: disease 
hero: human 
heroically: brave 
heroin: drug 
heroine: human 
heron: bird 
herpes: phenomena 
herpetologist: human 
hers: human 
herself: human 
hertz: Unit 
Heshun: place 
hesitance: irresolute 
hesitancy: inactive 
hesitant: irresolute 
hesitating: irresolute 
hesitation: hesitate 
hessian: material 
hetaera: human 
heterodox: antagonistic 
heterodyne: PerformanceValue 
heterogeneity: various 
heterogeneous: various 
heterometabolic: FormChange 
heterometabolous: FormChange 
heterosexual: fact 
heterosexualism: fact 
heterosexuality: fact 
heterotroph: animate 
Hetian: place 
heuristic: PropertyValue 
hew: break 
hex: system 
hexad: cardinal 
hexagon: image 
hexagonal: FormValue 
Hexagram: mark 
heyday: time 
Heze: place 
Hezhens: tribe 
Hezhou: place 
Hf: metal 
Hg: metal 
HGB: part 
hi: expression 
HI: place 
hiatus: location 
hibernal: time 
hibernant: sleep 
hibernate: sleep 
hibernation: sleep 
Hibiscus: FlowerGrass 
hic: phenomena 
hiccough: ill 
hiccup: phenomena 
hick: uncouth 
hickey: trace 
hickory: fruit 
hidden: covert 
hide: part 
hideousness: ugly 
Hidesheim: place 
hidrosis: excrete 
hie: urge 
hiemal: time 
hierach: human 
hierarchical: part 
hieroglyph: character 
hieroglyphic: character 
higgle: debate 
high: progressive 
highblown: arrogant 
highbred: HighQuality 
highchair: furniture 
highclass: BestQuality 
highest: GreaterThanNormal 
highhandedness: Pride 
highjack: control 
highland: land 
highlight: part 
highly: GreaterThanNormal 
highness: high 
highroad: route 
highs: Circumstances 
hightail: flee 
highten: ize 
hightide: Circumstances 
highwater: Circumstances 
highway: route 
highwayman: human 
hijab: clothing 
hike: walk 
hilarious: interesting 
hilarity: joyful 
hilight: emphasize 
hillmen: human 
hillock: land 
hills: land 
hillside: part 
hilltop: part 
hilt: part 
him: human 
Himalayan: land 
Himalayas: land 
himbo: human 
himself: human 
hind: hind 
hindbrain: part 
hinder: obstruct 
hindmost: PositioningValue 
Hindoostani: language 
Hindostani: language 
hindquarters: part 
hindshank: food 
hindsight: thought 
Hinduism: community 
Hindustan: part 
hinge: part 
hinny: livestock 
hint: tell 
hinterland: place 
hipbath: wash 
hipbone: part 
hipflask: tool 
hiphop: fact 
hipline: Size 
hippie: human 
hippo: beast 
hippopotamus: beast 
hippy: human 
hirable: able 
hiragana: symbol 
hireling: human 
hirer: human 
Hirosaki: place 
Hiroshima: place 
hirudin: chemical 
his: human 
Hispanic: RelatingToCountry 
Hispaniola: place 
histamine: part 
histiocyte: part 
histiocytosis: disease 
histogram: image 
histology: knowledge 
histopathology: knowledge 
historian: human 
historic: important 
historical: fact 
historically: past 
historiographer: human 
historiography: knowledge 
history: readings 
histrionic: shows 
histrionicism: important 
HIT: InstitutePlace 
Hitachi: InstitutePlace 
hitchhike: TakeVehicle 
hither: location 
hithermost: near 
hitherto: present 
Hitler: human 
hitman: human 
hitoriographaer: human 
hitter: human 
HIV: bacteria 
hives: phenomena 
HKSAR: place 
HKUST: InstitutePlace 
hl: Unit 
HLT: fact 
HNC: disease 
Ho: metal 
ho: sound 
hoar: white 
hoard: SetAside 
hoarder: human 
hoarding: facilities 
hoarse: hoarse 
hoarsely: hoarse 
hoax: method 
hoaxer: human 
hob: part 
hobble: walk 
hobbledehoy: human 
hobbyhorse: SportTool 
hobgoblin: humanized 
hobo: human 
hockey: fact 
hocus: deceive 
hodgepodge: thing 
hodometer: tool 
hoe: tool 
Hof: place 
hog: livestock 
hogcholera: disease 
hoggish: acquisitive 
hoggishness: acquisitive 
hogpen: facilities 
hogskin: part 
hogtie: wrap 
hogwash: waste 
hoist: machine 
hoister: machine 
Hokkaido: place 
Hokkianese: language 
hold: SupportWeight 
holdall: tool 
holddown: subtract 
holder: tool 
holding: err 
holdout: obey 
holiday: time 
holidayer: human 
holism: knowledge 
holla: sound 
Holland: place 
hollandaise: material 
Hollande: human 
Hollander: human 
holler: sound 
hollering: sound 
hollo: sound 
holloa: sound 
holloweyed: dented 
hollowness: dented 
Hollywood: place 
Hollywoodish: place 
holmium: metal 
holocaust: fact 
hologram: knowledge 
holograph: text 
holographic: write 
holography: knowledge 
holometabolic: FormChange 
holometabolous: FormChange 
holonym: part 
holonymy: Property 
holster: tool 
holter: fact 
holy: HighRank 
homage: emotion 
home: location 
homeborn: native 
homebrewed: PropertyValue 
homecare: fact 
homecoming: GoBack 
homeeconomics: knowledge 
homefront: place 
homegrown: native 
homeland: place 
homeless: miserable 
homelessness: miserable 
homelike: happy 
homeliness: unsightly 
homely: unsightly 
homemade: native 
homemaker: human 
homemaking: manage 
homeopathy: fact 
homeowner: human 
homepage: readings 
homer: bird 
Homeric: great 
homesick: ThinkOf 
homesickness: thought 
homestead: facilities 
hometown: place 
homeward: GoBack 
homewards: GoBack 
homework: fact 
homicidal: kill 
homiletic: disseminate 
homiletics: knowledge 
homily: disseminate 
hominy: food 
homiside: fact 
homo: human 
homocentric: FormValue 
homocercal: FormValue 
homochromatic: plain 
homocyclic: round 
homoeopathy: fact 
homoeroticism: fact 
homogencous: KindValue 
homogeneous: KindValue 
homogenetic: KindValue 
homogenisation: balanced 
homogenise: balanced 
homogenization: balanced 
homogenize: balanced 
homogenous: KindValue 
homogeny: Similarity 
homograph: expression 
homoiothermy: Temperature 
homologate: agree 
homologic: SourceValue 
homological: SourceValue 
homologise: relevant 
homologize: relevant 
homologous: SourceValue 
homology: thing 
homonym: expression 
homophobic: despise 
homophone: expression 
homophony: expression 
homosexualism: fact 
homosexuality: fact 
homotope: part 
homunculus: human 
honcho: human 
Honda: Name 
hondo: place 
Honduras: place 
honestness: honest 
honesty: honest 
honey: yellow 
honeybee: InsectWorm 
honeycomb: house 
honeylipped: text 
honeymoon: time 
honeymooner: human 
honeysuckle: FlowerGrass 
Hong: surname 
Hongan: place 
hongbao: money 
Hongdong: place 
Hongkong: place 
Hongkou: place 
Hongwu: time 
Hongxi: time 
Hongya: place 
Honiara: place 
honk: sound 
Honolulu: place 
honorableness: glorious 
honorarium: payment 
honorary: HighRank 
honour: salute 
honourable: glorious 
honourableness: glorious 
honourably: glorious 
honoured: glorious 
Honshu: place 
hooch: alcohol 
hood: tool 
hooded: CoveringValue 
hoodligan: human 
hoodlum: human 
hoodooism: community 
hoodwink: deceive 
hoody: clothing 
hoof: walk 
hook: tool 
hooka: tool 
hookah: tool 
hooked: curved 
hooker: human 
hooknose: part 
hookworm: bacteria 
hooligan: human 
hooliganism: Behavior 
hoop: tool 
hoopla: disseminate 
hoopman: human 
hoopoe: bird 
Hoosier: human 
hoot: sound 
hootch: alcohol 
hooter: tool 
hooting: sound 
hop: replace 
hope: thing 
hopeful: hopeful 
hopefully: hopeful 
hopeless: miserable 
hopelessness: disappointed 
hoppergrass: InsectWorm 
hops: material 
hopscotch: recreation 
horde: community 
hordeolum: disease 
horizon: Range 
horizontality: horizontal 
horizontally: horizontal 
hormonal: physical 
hormone: physical 
hormonology: knowledge 
horn: part 
hornbill: bird 
hornblende: stone 
hornet: InsectWorm 
horny: FormValue 
horology: knowledge 
horoscope: Appearance 
horrendous: able 
horrible: able 
horribly: able 
horrid: able 
horridly: able 
horridness: able 
horrific: PropertyValue 
horrified: fear 
horrifing: able 
horrify: fear 
horripilation: phenomena 
horror: emotion 
horrorstruck: suffer 
horse: livestock 
horseback: part 
horseflesh: food 
horsefly: InsectWorm 
horsehair: part 
horselaugh: laugh 
horselike: FormValue 
horseman: human 
horsemanship: knowledge 
horsemeat: food 
horsepower: Unit 
horses: livestock 
horseshoe: tool 
horsetail: part 
horsy: livestock 
hortative: persuade 
horticultural: knowledge 
horticulturist: human 
hoseman: human 
hosier: human 
hosiery: clothing 
hospitable: amiable 
hospitableness: amiable 
hospitably: amiable 
hospital: InstitutePlace 
hospitalisation: reside 
hospitalise: reside 
hospitality: emotion 
hospitalization: reside 
hospitalize: reside 
host: manage 
hosteller: human 
hostelry: InstitutePlace 
hostile: antagonistic 
hostilities: fight 
hostility: fact 
hostler: human 
hot: suitable 
hotcake: food 
hotchpotch: food 
hotdog: food 
hotelier: human 
hotelkeeper: human 
hotelman: human 
hothead: human 
hothouse: facilities 
hotline: facilities 
hotly: strong 
hotness: weather 
hotplate: facilities 
hotshot: LandVehicle 
hotspring: waters 
hotspur: human 
hottish: hot 
hotwell: waters 
Hou: surname 
hound: livestock 
hourglass: tool 
hourhand: part 
hourly: FrequencyValue 
house: InstitutePlace 
housebound: reside 
houseboy: human 
housebreak: drill 
housebreaking: GoInto 
housebroke: proper 
housebroken: proper 
houseclean: clean 
housedog: livestock 
housefly: InsectWorm 
houseful: NounUnit 
household: family 
householder: human 
housekeep: manage 
housekeeping: affairs 
houselet: house 
housemaid: human 
housemate: human 
housephysician: human 
housestaff: human 
housesurgeon: human 
housetop: part 
housewife: human 
housewifely: human 
housewifery: affairs 
housework: affairs 
Houston: place 
hovel: house 
hovercraft: ship 
hoverplane: aircraft 
howdy: expression 
howitzer: weapon 
HowNet: software 
howsoever: FuncWord 
hoyden: human 
Hoyerswerda: place 
HP: Unit 
HPAIV: bacteria 
HPV: bacteria 
HQ: part 
hr: time 
HSK: fact 
HTN: disease 
http: document 
hu: sound 
Hu: surname 
Hua: surname 
Huadian: place 
Huaihua: place 
Huaiji: place 
Huailai: place 
Huainan: place 
Huairen: place 
Huairou: place 
Huaiyang: place 
Huaiyin: place 
Hualian: place 
Huan: surname 
Huangfu: surname 
Huanggang: place 
Huangpo: place 
Huangyuan: place 
Huangzhong: place 
Huatuo: human 
Huaxian: place 
Huaying: place 
hub: part 
hubby: human 
Hubei: place 
hubris: arrogant 
huckle: part 
hucklebacked: disable 
hucklebone: part 
huckster: human 
huddle: ComeTogether 
Hudson: waters 
hue: sound 
huffish: joyful 
hug: HoldInArm 
huge: many 
hugely: big 
hugeness: big 
Huguan: place 
Huhehaote: place 
Hui: surname 
Huis: tribe 
Huiyang: place 
Huizhou: place 
Hukou: place 
hula: fact 
hulabaloo: cry 
Hulan: place 
Hulin: place 
hulk: ship 
hulking: big 
hull: StripOff 
Huludao: place 
hum: sound 
human: human 
humane: benevolent 
humanely: benevolent 
humanise: ize 
humanism: knowledge 
humanist: knowledge 
humanistic: knowledge 
humanities: knowledge 
humanity: human 
humanization: ize 
humanize: ize 
humanized: humanized 
humankind: human 
humanlike: FormValue 
humanoid: implement 
humans: human 
humbleness: modest 
humbling: modest 
humbug: deceive 
humbuggery: deceive 
humcral: part 
humdrum: boring 
humdrumness: boring 
humerus: part 
humic: PropertyValue 
humid: wet 
humidifier: tool 
humidistat: tool 
humidity: wet 
humidometer: tool 
humidostat: tool 
humify: moisten 
humiliating: modest 
humiliatingly: modest 
humiliation: phenomena 
humiliator: human 
humiture: Dampness 
hummingbird: bird 
humminybird: bird 
humor: interesting 
humoral: part 
humoresque: music 
humoring: indulge 
humorist: human 
humoristic: interesting 
humorous: interesting 
humorously: interesting 
humorousness: interesting 
humouresque: music 
humourist: human 
humourless: boring 
humourous: interesting 
humourously: interesting 
humoursome: interesting 
hump: part 
humpback: human 
humpbacked: disable 
humus: physical 
Hunan: place 
hunch: CausePartMove 
hunchback: human 
hunchbacked: disable 
hunched: disable 
Hunchun: place 
hundred: cardinal 
hundredfold: many 
hundreds: cardinal 
hundredth: ordinal 
hundredweight: Unit 
Hungarian: RelatingToCountry 
Hungary: place 
hunger: HungryThirsty 
hungeriness: Circumstances 
hungriness: HungryThirsty 
hungry: HungryThirsty 
Hunker: human 
hunker: sit 
hunks: human 
Huns: human 
hunt: LookFor 
huntaway: livestock 
hunter: human 
hunting: engage 
huntress: human 
huntsman: human 
Huntsville: place 
Hunyvan: place 
Huo: surname 
Huozhou: place 
hurdle: jump 
hurdling: fact 
hurl: throw 
hurly: fact 
hurrah: cry 
hurricane: wind 
hurried: hasty 
hurriedly: hasty 
hurry: VieFor 
hursing: fact 
hurst: land 
hurtful: disadvantageous 
hurting: painful 
hurtle: throw 
HUS: disease 
husbandman: human 
husbandry: affairs 
huskily: hoarse 
husky: sturdy 
hutch: house 
hutment: facilities 
Hutuo: waters 
Huyan: surname 
Huzhou: place 
hyacinth: vegetable 
hyalinisation: ize 
hyalinise: ize 
hyalinization: ize 
hyalinize: ize 
hyaloid: clear 
hybrid: mix 
hybridisation: mating 
hybridise: mating 
hybridism: mating 
hybridization: mating 
hybridize: mating 
Hyderabad: place 
hydra: InsectWorm 
hydrangeas: FlowerGrass 
hydrant: facilities 
hydrargyrism: disease 
hydrargyrum: metal 
hydrate: chemical 
hydraulically: Strength 
hydraulician: human 
hydraulics: knowledge 
hydrazine: chemical 
hydrazone: chemical 
hydrocarbon: chemical 
hydrocephalic: phenomena 
hydrocephalus: phenomena 
hydrocephaly: phenomena 
hydrochloric: chemical 
hydrocortisone: medicine 
hydrodynamic: PerformanceValue 
hydrodynamics: knowledge 
hydroelectric: electricity 
hydrofoil: ship 
hydrogen: chemical 
hydrogenate: ize 
hydrographer: human 
hydrographic: knowledge 
hydrographical: knowledge 
hydrography: knowledge 
hydrokinetic: SituationValue 
hydrolase: part 
hydrolise: StateChange 
hydrolize: StateChange 
hydrology: knowledge 
hydrolyse: StateChange 
hydrolysis: StateChange 
hydrolyzable: able 
hydrolyze: StateChange 
hydrolyzer: tool 
hydromechanics: knowledge 
hydromedusa: InsectWorm 
hydrometer: tool 
hydrometric: fact 
hydrometry: fact 
hydronephrosis: phenomena 
hydropathic: fact 
hydropathist: human 
hydropathy: fact 
hydrophilic: intimate 
hydrophobia: disease 
hydrophobic: distant 
hydrophyte: plant 
hydrophytic: able 
hydropneumatics: knowledge 
hydroponic: method 
hydroponics: method 
hydropower: electricity 
hydrops: disease 
hydrostatic: water 
hydrostatics: knowledge 
hydrotherapy: fact 
hydrothorax: phenomena 
hydrous: PropertyValue 
hydroxide: chemical 
hydroxyketone: chemical 
hydroxyl: part 
hydroxylamine: chemical 
hydrozoan: InsectWorm 
hyena: beast 
hyetograph: tool 
hygeian: advantageous 
hygienic: spotless 
hygienical: spotless 
hygienics: knowledge 
hygienise: ize 
hygienist: human 
hygienize: ize 
hygrograph: tool 
hygroscopic: absorb 
hygroscopicity: Ability 
hymen: part 
hymenium: part 
hymenopteran: InsectWorm 
hymn: music 
hymnology: music 
hyoid: part 
hypaethral: location 
hypanthium: fact 
hype: disseminate 
hyped: undergo 
hyperactive: active 
hyperactivity: disease 
hyperacusia: phenomena 
hyperacusis: phenomena 
hyperadrenalism: phenomena 
hyperadrenocorticism: phenomena 
hyperaemia: phenomena 
hyperaldosteronism: phenomena 
hyperbilirubinemia: phenomena 
hyperbola: shape 
hyperbole: expression 
hyperbolise: boast 
hyperbolize: boast 
hyperborean: part 
hypercalcaemia: phenomena 
hypercalcemia: phenomena 
hypercalcemic: phenomena 
hypercalcinuria: phenomena 
hypercalciuria: phenomena 
hypercapnia: disease 
hypercarbia: disease 
hypercellularity: phenomena 
hypercholesteremia: phenomena 
hypercholesterolemia: phenomena 
hyperchromic: KindValue 
hypercritical: difficult 
hyperdactyly: phenomena 
hyperemia: phenomena 
hyperemic: phenomena 
hyperextend: CausePartMove 
hyperfine: refined 
hyperfunction: disease 
hyperfunctioning: phenomena 
hypergammaglobulinemia: phenomena 
hyperglycaemia: phenomena 
hyperglycemia: phenomena 
hyperkalemia: phenomena 
hyperkinetic: phenomena 
hyperlink: part 
hyperlipaemia: phenomena 
hyperlipemia: phenomena 
hyperlipidaemia: phenomena 
hyperlipidemia: phenomena 
hyperlipoidaemia: phenomena 
hyperlipoidemia: phenomena 
hyperlipoproteinemia: phenomena 
hypermetropia: disease 
hypermetropic: disease 
hypernatremia: phenomena 
hypernym: part 
hypernymy: Intimacy 
hyperon: part 
hyperopia: disease 
hyperopic: disease 
hyperostosis: disease 
hyperparathyroidism: disease 
hyperphosphataemia: phenomena 
hyperphysical: over 
hyperpiesia: disease 
hyperpiesis: disease 
hyperplasia: ill 
hyperplastic: ill 
hyperpnea: pant 
hyperpyrexia: phenomena 
hypersensitive: easy 
hypersensitivity: disease 
hypersomnia: phenomena 
hypertension: disease 
hypertensive: disease 
hypertext: text 
hyperthermal: fever 
hyperthermia: fever 
hyperthermy: fever 
hyperthyroidism: disease 
hypertonic: Strength 
hypertoxic: poisonous 
hypertrophy: phenomena 
hyperuricaemia: disease 
hyperuricemia: disease 
hypervelocity: Speed 
hyperventilate: pant 
hypervitaminosis: disease 
hypervolaemia: phenomena 
hypervolemia: phenomena 
hypesthesia: phenomena 
hypha: part 
hyphema: phenomena 
hyphen: symbol 
hyphenate: connect 
hyphenation: connect 
hypnagogic: urge 
hypnoanalysis: method 
hypnogogic: urge 
hypnone: chemical 
hypnophobia: phenomena 
hypnosis: urge 
hypnotherapy: fact 
hypnotise: urge 
hypnotism: method 
hypnotize: urge 
hypo: chemical 
hypoactive: inactive 
hypoadrenalism: phenomena 
hypoadrenocorticism: phenomena 
hypocalcaemia: phenomena 
hypocalcemia: phenomena 
hypocalcemic: phenomena 
hypocapnia: phenomena 
hypochondriacal: disease 
hypochondrium: disease 
hypochromic: KindValue 
hypocorism: Name 
hypocrisy: dishonest 
hypocrite: human 
hypocritical: dishonest 
hypodermal: part 
hypodermic: part 
hypodermis: part 
hypoechoic: LowVoice 
hypoesthesia: phenomena 
hypogammaglobulinemia: phenomena 
hypogastric: part 
hypogastrium: part 
hypogeum: facilities 
hypoglycaemia: phenomena 
hypoglycaemic: phenomena 
hypoglycemia: phenomena 
hypoglycemic: phenomena 
hypokalemia: phenomena 
hypometabolism: decline 
hyponatremia: phenomena 
hyponym: part 
hyponymy: Property 
hypophyseal: part 
hypophysectomise: remove 
hypophysectomize: remove 
hypophysial: part 
hypophysis: part 
hypophysitis: disease 
hypopiesia: disease 
hypopiesis: disease 
hypoplasia: phenomena 
hypopnea: respire 
hypostasis: regulation 
hypostatisation: ize 
hypostatise: ize 
hypostatization: ize 
hypostatize: ize 
hypotensive: disease 
hypotenuse: image 
hypothalamic: part 
hypothalamus: part 
hypothecation: pawn 
hypothermic: Temperature 
hypothesis: information 
hypothesise: RegardAs 
hypothesize: RegardAs 
hypothetic: information 
hypothyroidism: disease 
hypotonic: Strength 
hypovitaminosis: disease 
hypovolaemic: disease 
hypovolemia: disease 
hypovolemic: disease 
hypoxic: PropertyValue 
hyrax: beast 
hysterectomy: fact 
hysteria: disease 
hysteric: disease 
hysterical: mad 
hysterics: disease 
hysteromyoma: disease 
hysteroscopy: fact 
hysterotomy: fact 
Hyundai: Name 
Hz: Unit 
I: human 
IA: Age 
IAEA: part 
Iago: human 
iamb: Performance 
iambic: Performance 
iambus: Performance 
IARC: InstitutePlace 
iatrogenic: SourceValue 
ibex: beast 
ibid: alike 
ibidem: alike 
IBM: InstitutePlace 
IBRD: part 
ibuprofen: medicine 
ICAC: institution 
ICANN: institution 
ICAO: part 
ICBC: InstitutePlace 
ICBM: weapon 
ice: ice 
ICE: part 
iceberg: ice 
icebound: undergo 
icebox: tool 
icebreaker: ship 
icehouse: facilities 
Iceland: place 
Icelander: human 
iceman: human 
ichor: part 
ichthyologic: knowledge 
ichthyological: knowledge 
ichthyologist: human 
ichthyology: knowledge 
ichthyosaur: beast 
ichthyosaurus: beast 
icicle: ice 
icily: indifferent 
icing: material 
ICJ: part 
icky: inferior 
ICM: weapon 
icon: symbol 
iconic: classic 
iconoclastic: unorthodox 
icosahedron: image 
ICP: InstitutePlace 
ICPO: institution 
ICSH: physical 
ictal: happen 
icteric: phenomena 
icterogenic: able 
ictic: happen 
ictus: happen 
ICU: part 
icy: indifferent 
id: symbol 
Idaho: place 
Idahoan: human 
IDD: fact 
ideal: BestQuality 
idealisation: ize 
idealise: ize 
ideality: aspiration 
idealization: ize 
idealize: ize 
ideally: BestQuality 
ideate: think 
idem: alike 
identical: alike 
identifiable: able 
identifier: symbol 
identify: distinguish 
ideogram: character 
ideographic: express 
ideography: character 
ideologic: thinking 
ideological: thinking 
ideologically: FuncWord 
ideologist: human 
idiocy: Wisdom 
idiograph: mark 
idiographic: unique 
idiolatry: respect 
idiom: part 
idiomatical: pure 
idiomatically: unique 
idiopathic: PropertyValue 
idiosyncratic: special 
idiot: human 
idiotic: foolish 
idle: slack 
idling: DoNot 
idodine: medicine 
idol: thing 
idolater: human 
idolatrous: human 
idolatry: respect 
idolisation: respect 
idolise: respect 
idoliser: human 
idolization: respect 
idolize: respect 
idolizer: human 
idyllic: attractive 
ie: FuncWord 
IELTS: fact 
if: FuncWord 
IFAD: part 
IFR: fact 
igneous: stone 
ignitable: able 
ignite: lighting 
igniter: tool 
ignitible: able 
ignition: lighting 
ignitor: tool 
ignoble: vulgar 
ignobly: vulgar 
ignominious: disgraced 
ignominiously: disgraced 
ignominiousness: disgraced 
ignominy: emotion 
ignoramus: human 
ignorance: Learning 
ignorant: unscholarly 
ignore: despise 
iguana: beast 
Iguassu: waters 
Iguazu: waters 
Ike: human 
ileitis: disease 
ileum: part 
ilex: tree 
ilia: part 
iliac: part 
Iliad: text 
ilium: part 
ill: wicked 
illation: result 
illative: deduce 
illegal: unlawful 
illegalise: ize 
illegalize: ize 
illegally: unlawful 
illegibility: vague 
illegible: vague 
illegibly: vague 
illegitimacy: unlawful 
illegitimately: unlawful 
illiberal: unable 
illicitly: unlawful 
illimitable: extensive 
Illinois: place 
Illinoisan: human 
illiteracy: experience 
illness: disease 
illogic: illogical 
illogical: illogical 
illogicalness: illogical 
illume: illuminate 
illuminance: Brightness 
illuminate: illuminate 
illuminating: able 
illumination: illuminate 
illuminative: able 
illumine: illuminate 
illusionary: fake 
illusive: fake 
illusory: insubstantial 
illustrate: explain 
illustration: image 
illustrative: able 
illustrator: human 
ILO: part 
image: image 
imagery: Circumstances 
imaginal: think 
imaginary: forge 
imagination: think 
imaginative: think 
imaging: forming 
imago: InsectWorm 
imam: human 
imbalance: balanced 
imbauba: tree 
imbibe: absorb 
imbibition: absorb 
imbody: mean 
imbosom: HoldInArm 
imbricate: ize 
imbrication: ize 
imbrue: PlayDown 
imbue: teach 
imburse: return 
imcomparable: correct 
imcomprehensible: difficult 
IMF: part 
imide: chemical 
imitable: able 
imitate: imitate 
imitative: imitate 
imitator: tool 
immaculacy: BestQuality 
immaterial: unimportant 
immeasurably: very 
immediacy: direct 
immediate: prompt 
immediately: prompt 
immedicable: impossible 
immemorial: difficult 
immensely: extreme 
immenseness: big 
immensity: big 
immerge: soak 
immerse: soak 
immersion: soak 
immesurable: many 
immigrate: SelfMove 
immigration: SelfMove 
imminency: happen 
immiscible: impossible 
immitigable: impossible 
immix: mix 
immixture: mix 
immobile: steady 
immobilization: fix 
immobilize: fix 
immoderation: rash 
immodest: rash 
immolate: burn 
immorally: immoral 
immortalise: ize 
immortality: permanent 
immortalize: ize 
immovable: SituationValue 
immune: able 
immunisation: doctor 
immunise: doctor 
immunity: Role 
immunization: doctor 
immunochemical: knowledge 
immunochemistry: knowledge 
immunologist: human 
immunology: knowledge 
immunopathology: knowledge 
immunotherapy: fact 
immure: detain 
immutability: Constancy 
immutable: impossible 
IMO: part 
imp: humanized 
impairer: human 
impale: stab 
impalpably: difficult 
impart: transmit 
impartial: fair 
impartiality: fair 
impartially: fair 
impassable: unable 
impassive: indifferent 
impassiveness: indifferent 
impassivity: indifferent 
impatience: eager 
impatient: eager 
impatiently: eager 
impayable: precious 
impeach: ExpressAgainst 
impeachment: accuse 
impeccant: guiltless 
impecunious: poor 
impedance: obstruct 
impede: obstruct 
impedimenta: artifact 
impediments: physical 
impel: urge 
impellent: urge 
impend: happen 
impendence: happen 
impendency: happen 
impenetrable: impossible 
impenetrate: influence 
impenitence: stubborn 
impenitency: stubborn 
imperativeness: Urgency 
imperfective: Property 
imperia: rights 
imperialism: system 
imperialistic: system 
imperious: autocratic 
imperiousness: autocratic 
imperishability: permanent 
imperishingness: permanent 
imperium: rights 
impermanent: permanent 
impermeable: impossible 
impermissibility: Ability 
impermissible: unable 
impermissibly: unable 
imperscriptible: informal 
impersonative: RegardAs 
impersonator: human 
impertinence: interesting 
impertinently: impolite 
imperturbability: calm 
imperturbableness: calm 
impetigo: disease 
impetuosity: rash 
impetuous: rash 
impetuousness: rash 
impetus: Strength 
impiety: frivolous 
impinge: damage 
impious: faithful 
impiousness: frivolous 
implacable: antagonistic 
implantation: pregnant 
implausible: difficult 
implausibly: difficult 
implead: accuse 
implement: implement 
implementor: human 
impletion: CauseToExist 
implicate: relate 
implication: relate 
implicit: covert 
implicitness: Publicity 
imploration: request 
implore: request 
imploringly: resolute 
imply: mean 
impolicy: fail 
impolite: impolite 
impolitely: impolite 
impoliteness: impolite 
impolitic: fail 
imponderability: lose 
imponderable: impossible 
importable: able 
importance: Importance 
important: important 
importantly: important 
importation: buy 
imported: foreign 
importer: human 
importunate: request 
importunately: resolute 
importunity: request 
impose: levy 
imposing: dignified 
imposition: conduct 
impossible: impossible 
impossibly: impossible 
impossile: FuncWord 
impost: expenditure 
imposter: human 
impostor: human 
imposture: naming 
impotency: phenomena 
impotent: unable 
impotently: AbilityValue 
impoverish: MakeAct 
impoverished: poor 
impoverishment: poor 
imprecate: ExpressAgainst 
imprecation: ExpressAgainst 
imprecisely: accurate 
impregnable: resolute 
impregnably: resolute 
impregnate: transmit 
impresario: human 
impress: undergo 
impressional: experience 
impressionism: thinking 
impressionist: human 
impressionistic: biased 
impressions: experience 
impressive: attractive 
impressively: attractive 
imprison: detain 
improbable: impossible 
improbably: impossible 
improbity: honest 
impromptu: unready 
improper: unsuitable 
improperly: improper 
improperness: rash 
impropriety: rash 
improver: part 
improvidence: superficial 
improvident: superficial 
improvidently: superficial 
improvise: speak 
improvised: temporary 
improvize: speak 
imprudence: wise 
imprudently: rash 
impudent: impolite 
impudently: impolite 
impugn: attack 
impulsively: rash 
impulsiveness: rash 
impure: pure 
imputable: ResultFrom 
imputation: blame 
imputative: able 
impute: blame 
inaccessibly: difficult 
inaccurate: inaccurate 
inaccurately: inaccurate 
inactivate: remove 
inactive: inactive 
inactively: inactive 
inactiveness: inactive 
inadaptable: impossible 
inadequate: insufficient 
inadequateness: Amount 
inadmissibility: Ability 
inadmissible: admit 
inadvertence: careless 
inadvertency: careless 
inadvertent: unintentional 
inadvertently: unintentional 
inadvisable: unreasonable 
inadvisably: unreasonable 
inaesthetic: unable 
inaffable: amiable 
inalienability: impossible 
inalienable: impossible 
inalienably: impossible 
inalterable: impossible 
inane: insubstantial 
inanely: insubstantial 
inanimateness: inanimate 
inanition: insubstantial 
inapparent: lucid 
inappreciable: unimportant 
inapprehensible: difficult 
inapproachable: difficult 
inappropriate: improper 
inappropriately: improper 
inapt: pure 
inaptitude: improper 
inarguable: unable 
inarticulate: NotQuick 
inarticulately: NotQuick 
inartificial: artificial 
inattention: careless 
inattentiveness: absentminded 
inaudible: impossible 
inaudibly: impossible 
inauguraion: start 
inaugural: first 
inaugurally: first 
inaugurate: start 
inauspicious: inauspicuous 
inauspiciously: inauspicuous 
inauspiciousness: inauspicuous 
inauthentic: fake 
inbeing: part 
inboard: location 
inbound: internal 
inbox: facilities 
inbreak: attack 
inbreathe: inhale 
inbreed: mating 
inbreeding: mating 
inbuilt: PropertyValue 
Inc: InstitutePlace 
incandesce: ize 
incandescency: ize 
incandescent: lights 
incantation: expression 
incapability: unable 
incarcerate: detain 
incarnadine: AlterColor 
incarnate: mean 
incase: load 
incaution: cautious 
incautious: cautious 
incautiously: rash 
incautiousness: cautious 
incendiarism: lighting 
incendive: easy 
incentive: Strength 
inception: part 
incessancy: interrupted 
incessant: interrupted 
incessantly: interrupted 
incessantness: interrupted 
incest: guilty 
incestuous: guilty 
incestuously: guilty 
Incheon: place 
inchworm: InsectWorm 
incidence: happen 
incident: fact 
incidental: happen 
incipience: time 
incipiency: time 
incipient: StageEarly 
incise: split 
incisor: part 
incitation: incite 
incite: urge 
inciter: human 
incivility: fierce 
inclement: fierce 
inclined: slanted 
inclinometer: tool 
inclose: include 
included: FuncWord 
including: contain 
inclusion: contain 
inclusive: contain 
inclusiveness: forgive 
incogitant: rash 
incognizable: impossible 
incognizant: know 
incoherently: inconsistent 
incombustible: impossible 
income: wealth 
incomer: human 
incoming: GoInto 
incommensurate: suitable 
incommode: obstruct 
incompact: unattached 
incompatibility: Uniformity 
incompatible: FitNot 
incompatibly: FitNot 
incompetency: unable 
incompetently: unable 
incomplete: incomplete 
incompleted: incomplete 
incompletely: incomplete 
incomprehensible: difficult 
incomprehensibly: difficult 
incompressible: impossible 
incomputable: impossible 
inconceivable: difficult 
inconceivably: difficult 
inconclusive: unimportant 
inconclusively: unimportant 
incongruously: inharmonious 
inconnu: human 
inconsequential: unreasonable 
inconsequentially: unreasonable 
inconsequently: unreasonable 
inconsiderable: unimportant 
inconsiderate: rash 
inconsistency: Uniformity 
inconsistent: discordant 
inconsolability: impossible 
inconsolable: impossible 
inconsonance: inharmonious 
inconspicuous: difficult 
inconspicuousness: difficult 
inconstant: changeable 
incontinency: phenomena 
incontrollable: impossible 
incontrovertible: unable 
incontrovertibly: lucid 
inconvenience: Performance 
inconvertible: impossible 
inconvincible: impossible 
incorporate: merge 
Incorporated: InstitutePlace 
incorporative: merge 
incorporator: human 
incorrect: wrong 
incorrectly: wrong 
incorrelate: irrelevant 
incorrigible: impossible 
incorruptible: moral 
increasingly: more 
incredibly: wrong 
incredulity: emotion 
incredulously: BehaviorValue 
incremental: BecomeMore 
increscent: BecomeMore 
incriminate: accuse 
incrimination: accuse 
incriminatory: bear 
incrust: cover 
incrustation: waste 
incubate: reproduce 
incubation: reproduce 
incubator: tool 
incubus: phenomena 
inculcate: teach 
inculcation: teach 
inculpable: guiltless 
inculpate: accuse 
inculpation: accuse 
incumbent: obtain 
incurable: impossible 
incurableness: impossible 
incurrence: suffer 
incurridicule: mock 
incursive: attack 
incurvate: CausePartMove 
incus: part 
indanthrone: material 
indebted: grateful 
indecency: ungracious 
indecent: ungracious 
indecision: irresolute 
indecisive: unimportant 
indecorous: ungracious 
indecorously: ungracious 
indecorum: rash 
indeed: very 
indefatigability: resolute 
indefatigable: diligent 
indefatigableness: resolute 
indefatigably: diligent 
indefeasible: impossible 
indefinable: difficult 
indefinably: difficult 
indefinite: vague 
indefinitely: flexible 
indelible: difficult 
indelibly: difficult 
indelicacy: vulgar 
indelicate: ungracious 
indemnification: return 
indemnity: expenditure 
indene: chemical 
indentation: Content 
indented: dented 
independency: BeIndependent 
independent: human 
independently: alone 
indepth: perceptive 
indescribable: difficult 
indescrible: difficult 
indeterminacy: fixed 
indetermination: fixed 
Indian: RelatingToCountry 
Indiana: place 
Indianan: human 
Indianapolis: place 
indicant: symbol 
indicator: symbol 
indict: accuse 
indictable: able 
indiction: accuse 
indictment: document 
indifference: indifferent 
indifferent: insufficiently 
indifferently: indifferent 
indigen: human 
indigence: poor 
indigene: human 
indigenous: human 
indigestible: impossible 
indigestion: phenomena 
indignant: EmotionalityValue 
indignation: emotion 
indignity: damage 
indirect: indirect 
indirection: indirect 
indirectly: indirect 
indiscipline: undisciplined 
indiscreet: ungracious 
indiscreetly: rash 
indiscriminately: rash 
indispensable: necessary 
indispensably: necessary 
indisputable: unable 
indissoluble: impossible 
indistinction: ize 
indistinctive: vague 
indistinctness: blurred 
indistinguishable: difficult 
indistributable: impossible 
indite: compile 
indium: metal 
individual: individual 
individualise: ize 
individualism: thinking 
individualistic: thinking 
individualization: ize 
individualize: ize 
individuate: ize 
individuation: Generality 
indivisible: impossible 
indocalamus: tree 
Indochina: place 
indocile: stubborn 
indocility: stubborn 
indoctrinate: teach 
indoctrination: teach 
indolence: lazy 
indolent: lazy 
indolently: lazy 
indomitable: resolute 
indomitableness: Resoluteness 
indomitably: resolute 
Indonesia: place 
Indonesian: RelatingToCountry 
indoors: location 
indornitable: resolute 
indubitable: unable 
indubitably: unable 
induce: SpeedUp 
inducement: ResultIn 
induct: respond 
inductance: phenomena 
inductee: human 
induction: respond 
inductivity: Performance 
indue: give 
indulgent: indulge 
indumentum: part 
indurate: ize 
induration: ize 
indusium: part 
industrial: affairs 
industrialisation: ize 
industrialise: ize 
industrialist: human 
industrialization: ize 
industrialize: ize 
industrious: diligent 
industriously: diligent 
industriousness: diligent 
industry: diligent 
indwell: exist 
indweller: human 
inebriated: dizzy 
inebriation: phenomena 
inebriety: phenomena 
ineffaceable: difficult 
ineffectualness: ineffective 
inefficacious: ineffective 
inefficacy: Effectivity 
inefficiency: LowEffective 
inefficient: LowEffective 
inefficiently: LowEffective 
inelegance: vulgar 
inelegant: ungracious 
ineligible: unqualified 
ineloquent: unable 
ineluctable: impossible 
ineludible: impossible 
inenarrable: difficult 
inept: cumbersome 
inequable: asymmetrical 
inequality: fair 
inequitable: biased 
inequity: fair 
inertial: Speed 
inertly: inactive 
inescapable: impossible 
inescapably: impossible 
inevitability: Possibility 
inevitableness: Possibility 
inevitably: possible 
inexact: inaccurate 
inexactitude: inaccurate 
inexactly: accurate 
inexactness: inaccurate 
inexertion: lazy 
inexhaustibly: diligent 
inexorability: fierce 
inexorable: fierce 
inexorableness: fierce 
inexpedience: unsuitable 
inexpediency: unsuitable 
inexpensive: cheap 
inexpensiveness: cheap 
inexperienced: able 
inexpert: able 
inexplicable: difficult 
inexplicably: difficult 
inexplicit: vague 
inexpressibility: Ability 
inexpressive: indifferent 
inextirpable: impossible 
inextricability: difficult 
inextricable: difficult 
inextricably: difficult 
infall: attack 
infamous: infamous 
infamy: Reputation 
infant: human 
infanthood: time 
infantile: unable 
infantilism: disease 
infantry: part 
infantryman: human 
infarcation: disease 
infarct: disease 
infarction: disease 
infatuate: arrogant 
infauna: animal 
infeasible: impossible 
infect: influence 
infective: infect 
infectivity: Performance 
inferential: deduce 
inferior: part 
inferiority: inferior 
infertility: disease 
infest: damage 
infestation: infect 
infidel: human 
infidelity: BeBad 
infield: facilities 
infighting: fact 
infill: fill 
infiltrate: soak 
infiltration: influence 
infinitely: extensive 
infinitesimal: nonextensive 
infinitive: part 
infinitude: extensive 
infinity: extensive 
infirmary: InstitutePlace 
infirmity: frail 
infix: insert 
inflamation: inflamed 
inflamed: inflamed 
inflammable: inanimate 
inflammation: inflamed 
inflatable: feed 
inflate: feed 
inflater: tool 
inflation: phenomena 
inflationary: phenomena 
inflator: tool 
inflect: ize 
inflexibility: stiff 
inflexible: stiff 
inflexibly: stiff 
inflict: ResultIn 
infliction: fact 
inflow: flow 
influence: Power 
influential: powerful 
influenza: disease 
influx: flow 
influxion: flow 
infographic: image 
inform: tell 
informal: informal 
informally: informal 
informatics: knowledge 
information: information 
informative: substantial 
informatory: substantial 
infotainment: shows 
infract: disobey 
infraction: disobey 
infrangible: impossible 
infrared: lights 
infrasonics: knowledge 
infrastructure: part 
infrequent: rarely 
infrequently: rarely 
infructuous: ineffective 
infundibulum: part 
infuriation: irritate 
infuscate: AlterColor 
infuser: human 
infusion: teach 
infusorian: bacteria 
ingeminate: explain 
ingenious: tactful 
ingeniousness: Creativeness 
ingenuity: Creativeness 
ingenuous: frank 
ingenuousness: naif 
ingest: GetKnowledge 
ingestion: Amount 
Ingolstadt: place 
ingraining: teach 
ingratiate: please 
ingredient: component 
ingress: GoInto 
ingroup: community 
ingurgitate: eat 
inhabit: reside 
inhabitation: reside 
inhabited: dense 
inhalant: medicine 
inhale: inhale 
inhaler: tool 
inharmonic: inharmonious 
inharmonious: inharmonious 
inharmoniousness: inharmonious 
inhere: exist 
inherent: original 
inherited: SourceValue 
inheritor: human 
inhibition: restrain 
inhibitor: medicine 
inhospitable: indifferent 
inhospitableness: unfriendly 
inhumane: fierce 
inhumaneness: Behavior 
inhumanity: fact 
inhumanly: fierce 
inhume: bury 
inimitable: impossible 
iniquity: phenomena 
initialise: ize 
initialization: ize 
initialize: ize 
initially: StageEarly 
initiate: start 
initiation: start 
initiatory: first 
initio: StageEarly 
injectant: medicine 
injection: medicine 
injector: tool 
injudicious: sensible 
injudiciousness: sensible 
injunction: text 
injure: offend 
injured: wounded 
injurious: disadvantageous 
injury: wounded 
ink: tool 
inkfish: fish 
inkiness: black 
inkpad: tool 
inkpot: tool 
inkslab: tool 
inkstand: tool 
inkstone: tool 
inkwell: tool 
inland: place 
inlay: inlay 
inmarry: GetMarried 
inmost: internal 
innersole: part 
inning: NounUnit 
innkeeper: human 
innocence: guiltless 
innocent: guiltless 
innocently: honest 
innocuity: advantageous 
innoculate: doctor 
innocuous: atoxic 
innominate: Notwellknown 
innovate: improve 
innovation: improve 
innovational: creative 
innovationist: human 
innovative: creative 
innovator: human 
innovatory: creative 
innumerable: many 
innumerableness: many 
innumerous: many 
inobservance: despise 
inoculate: doctor 
inoculation: fact 
inoculum: material 
inoffensive: advantageous 
inoperable: unable 
inoperative: function 
inordinate: rash 
inorganic: inanimate 
inornate: thrifty 
inositol: chemical 
inpatient: human 
input: transmit 
inquest: interrogate 
inquietude: uneasy 
inquirer: human 
inquiry: text 
inquisition: investigate 
inquisitional: investigate 
inquisitive: expect 
inquisitor: human 
inquisitory: profound 
inroad: attack 
inrush: GoInto 
insalubrious: disadvantageous 
insalubrity: spotless 
insane: mad 
insanely: PropertyValue 
insaneness: mad 
insanitary: spotless 
insatiable: acquisitive 
inscribable: able 
inscription: text 
inscrutable: difficult 
insect: InsectWorm 
insectarium: InstitutePlace 
insecticide: chemical 
insectifuge: chemical 
insectivore: animate 
insectology: knowledge 
insects: InsectWorm 
insecure: safe 
inseminate: transmit 
insemination: transmit 
insensate: fierce 
insensible: indifferent 
insensitively: indifferent 
insentience: inanimate 
insentient: inanimate 
inseparable: tight 
inseparably: tight 
insert: physical 
insertion: insert 
inset: physical 
inside: location 
insider: human 
insidious: wicked 
insidiously: wicked 
insightful: wise 
insightfulness: Perceptiveness 
insignia: mark 
insignificance: insubstantial 
insignificantly: unimportant 
insinuate: express 
insipidly: boring 
insist: speak 
insistence: speak 
insistent: constant 
insistently: resolute 
insofar: DegreeValue 
insolate: illuminate 
insolence: arrogant 
insoluble: impossible 
insolvable: impossible 
insolvency: InDebt 
insolvent: InDebt 
insouciance: optimistic 
insouciant: joyful 
inspectoral: human 
inspectorial: human 
inspirator: tool 
inspiring: able 
inspirit: urge 
inspissate: StateChange 
inspissation: StateChange 
instability: peaceful 
instable: peaceful 
instal: install 
install: install 
installation: install 
installer: human 
installment: pay 
instant: TimeShort 
instanter: prompt 
instantly: TimeShort 
instate: adjust 
instauration: BeRecovered 
instead: FuncWord 
instep: part 
instigant: human 
instil: teach 
instill: teach 
instillation: teach 
instilling: teach 
instinct: Behavior 
instinctive: natural 
instinctual: natural 
institute: InstitutePlace 
institutes: InstitutePlace 
institution: system 
institutional: system 
institutionalized: ize 
institutionary: community 
instruct: teach 
instrumental: important 
instrumentalist: human 
instrumentality: method 
insubordination: resist 
insubstantial: insubstantial 
insufferable: difficult 
insufficient: insufficient 
insufficiently: insufficient 
insufflate: inhale 
insufflation: inhale 
insula: part 
insulant: material 
insular: land 
insulate: separate 
insulation: obstruct 
insulator: physical 
insulin: medicine 
insult: damage 
insuperable: impossible 
insupportable: unable 
insurability: Ability 
insurable: possible 
insurant: human 
insure: guarantee 
insurer: human 
insurmountable: impossible 
insurrection: fact 
insurrectional: fact 
insurrectionist: human 
insurrecton: fact 
intact: complete 
intaglio: tool 
intake: facilities 
intangible: wealth 
integer: symbol 
integral: complete 
integrate: merge 
integrated: wholly 
integration: merge 
integrator: human 
integumentary: part 
intellect: Wisdom 
intellective: Wisdom 
intellectual: Wisdom 
intellectualisation: ize 
intellectualise: ize 
intellectuality: Ability 
intellectualization: ize 
intellectualize: ize 
intelligence: Wisdom 
intelligencer: human 
intelligibility: Ability 
intelligibly: lucid 
intemperate: rash 
intemperately: improper 
intemperateness: fact 
intend: plan 
intendance: manage 
intendant: human 
intended: intentional 
intendedly: intentional 
intense: strong 
intensify: ize 
intension: strong 
intensional: Attribute 
intensionality: Attribute 
intensity: Intensity 
intentional: intentional 
intentionality: Intentionality 
intentionally: intentional 
intently: careful 
inter: bury 
interact: influence 
intercalation: time 
intercede: mediate 
intercept: listen 
interception: MakeTrouble 
interceptor: weapon 
intercession: mediate 
intercessor: human 
interchangeability: Ability 
interchangeableness: Ability 
intercity: InBetween 
intercollege: InBetween 
intercollegiate: InstitutePlace 
intercommunication: communicate 
interconnect: fasten 
interconnectability: Ability 
interconnection: associate 
intercontinental: InBetween 
interconversion: exchange 
interconvertible: able 
intercostal: location 
intercrop: planting 
intercut: BeAcross 
interdepend: depend 
interdependence: depend 
interdependency: depend 
interdependent: depend 
interdict: prohibit 
interdictory: prohibit 
interdisciplinary: PropertyValue 
interested: FondOf 
interestingness: Interest 
interface: software 
Interfax: institution 
interference: MakeTrouble 
interferential: MakeTrouble 
interferon: chemical 
interfluent: PropertyValue 
interfuse: mix 
interfusion: merge 
intergalactic: location 
intergovernmental: international 
intergrowth: phenomena 
interim: time 
interior: place 
interiorise: ize 
interject: insert 
interjectional: sigh 
interjector: human 
interlacement: thing 
interlap: BeAcross 
interlay: insert 
interlayer: part 
interleaf: part 
interlingua: language 
Interlingue: language 
interlink: fasten 
interlinked: able 
interlocution: talk 
interlocutor: human 
interlude: shows 
intermarriage: GetMarried 
intermarry: GetMarried 
intermeddle: MakeTrouble 
intermediator: human 
interment: fact 
intermezzo: music 
intermingle: mix 
intermingled: mixed 
intermit: cease 
intermittence: cease 
intermittent: interrupted 
intermittently: interrupted 
intermix: mix 
intermixture: thing 
internal: location 
internalisation: ize 
internalise: ize 
internalization: ize 
internalize: ize 
Internationale: music 
internationalisation: ize 
internationalise: ize 
internationalist: international 
internationalistic: international 
internationality: Source 
internationalizatin: ize 
internationalization: ize 
internationalize: ize 
internationally: international 
internet: internet 
internetese: language 
internist: human 
internment: detain 
internship: Status 
internuncio: human 
interoceanic: AttachmentValue 
interoperability: Performance 
interosculate: mix 
interosculation: mix 
interpellate: interrogate 
interpersonal: IntimacyValue 
interphone: facilities 
interplanetary: PositioningValue 
interplant: planting 
interplay: influence 
interpose: situated 
interposition: MakeTrouble 
interpretoscope: tool 
interprovincial: InBetween 
interrelatedness: Intimacy 
interrelation: Intimacy 
interrogate: interrogate 
interrogation: interrogate 
interrogator: human 
interrupt: obstruct 
interrupted: interrupted 
interruptedly: interrupted 
interruption: obstruct 
interscholastic: InBetween 
interschool: InBetween 
intersect: BeAcross 
intersperse: mix 
interstate: InBetween 
interstellar: PositioningValue 
interstitial: location 
intertrigo: disease 
interurban: InBetween 
intervalic: interrupted 
intervenient: MakeTrouble 
intervention: mediate 
interviewee: human 
interviewer: human 
intervolve: coil 
interweave: mix 
interwine: mix 
intestinal: part 
intimacy: intimate 
intimate: intimate 
intimately: intimate 
intimation: tell 
intimidation: frighten 
into: FuncWord 
intolerably: embarrassed 
intonate: recite 
intone: recite 
intoxicant: able 
intoxicate: urge 
intoxicated: dizzy 
intoxicating: able 
intra: classified 
intractable: difficult 
intranquil: peaceful 
intransigence: refuse 
intransigency: refuse 
intransigent: human 
intransitive: part 
intransitiveness: Property 
intransitivise: ize 
intransitivity: Property 
intransitivize: ize 
intrant: human 
intraperitoneal: part 
intrench: defend 
intrepidity: timid 
intrepidly: brave 
intricacy: Complexity 
intricately: complicated 
intrigante: human 
intriguer: human 
intriguing: fantastic 
intriguingly: fantastic 
intrinsic: original 
intrinsical: original 
intrinsically: original 
introduce: propose 
introducer: human 
introduction: recommend 
intromit: GoInto 
introspection: check 
introspective: LookBack 
introversion: covert 
introverted: covert 
intruder: human 
intrusion: attack 
intrusive: attack 
intrust: entrust 
intubate: insert 
intubation: insert 
intuition: experience 
intuitional: experience 
intuitive: experience 
intussusception: disease 
Inuit: human 
Inupiak: language 
inure: fit 
inurn: bury 
inutile: valueless 
inutility: useless 
invade: GoInto 
invader: human 
invalidate: fail 
invalidation: useless 
invalides: human 
invalidism: unhealthy 
invalidly: useless 
invaluable: precious 
invaluableness: precious 
invariability: Constancy 
invariableness: Constancy 
invariance: Constancy 
invasion: attack 
invasive: attack 
invective: text 
inveigh: ExpressAgainst 
inveigle: entice 
invented: fake 
inventer: human 
inventiveness: Creativeness 
inventor: human 
inventorying: quote 
inventress: human 
inveracity: honest 
Inverness: place 
inversion: reverse 
inversive: backward 
invert: reverse 
investigate: investigate 
investigation: investigate 
investigative: investigate 
investigator: human 
investitive: fund 
investiture: fact 
investment: provide 
investor: human 
invigilate: supervise 
invigilation: supervise 
invigorant: physical 
invigorate: urge 
invigorator: physical 
invincibility: able 
invincibly: able 
inviolate: advantageous 
invisible: unable 
invisibly: unable 
invitational: invite 
invite: invite 
inviter: human 
inviting: attractive 
invoice: bill 
involucrum: part 
involuntary: unintentional 
involute: complicated 
involve: tie 
involvement: tie 
invulnerability: Safety 
inward: internal 
inwardly: covert 
inwardness: internal 
inwards: internal 
inweave: weave 
inwrap: wrap 
IOC: institution 
iodine: chemical 
iodoform: chemical 
IOL: part 
ion: part 
ionisation: ize 
ionise: ize 
ionization: ize 
ionize: ize 
ionosphere: part 
IOSCO: part 
iota: Amount 
IOU: bill 
Iowa: place 
Iowan: human 
Iphigenia: humanized 
IPO: fact 
Ipswich: place 
IQ: Rank 
Ir: metal 
Irak: place 
iraki: human 
Iran: place 
Irani: human 
Iraq: place 
irascible: BadTemper 
irascibly: BadTemper 
irate: angry 
ire: emotion 
Ireland: place 
iridesce: magnificent 
iridescent: magnificent 
iridium: metal 
iridocyte: part 
Irishman: human 
Irishmen: human 
Irishwoman: human 
Irishwomen: human 
iritis: disease 
irk: irritate 
Irkutsk: place 
IRO: part 
iron: tool 
ironclad: constant 
ironer: human 
ironic: unfriendly 
ironical: unfriendly 
ironically: unfriendly 
ironist: human 
irons: tool 
ironsmith: human 
ironware: tool 
ironwire: material 
ironwork: fact 
ironworker: human 
ironworks: InstitutePlace 
irony: expression 
irradiancy: lights 
irradicable: impossible 
irrational: rash 
irrationality: unreasonable 
irrealizable: impossible 
irrecognizable: impossible 
irreconcilable: antagonistic 
irreconcilableness: Uniformity 
irreconcilably: antagonistic 
irredeemable: impossible 
irrefutably: true 
irregular: GeoIrregular 
irregularly: abnormal 
irrelative: irrelevant 
irrelevance: irrelevant 
irrelevant: unattached 
irrelevantly: unattached 
irrelievable: impossible 
irremediable: impossible 
irremissible: impossible 
irremovable: impossible 
irreplaceable: impossible 
irrepressibility: BehaviorValue 
irrepressible: impossible 
irreprochable: accurate 
irresistable: impossible 
irresoluble: impossible 
irresolute: irresolute 
irresoluteness: irresolute 
irresolution: irresolute 
irresolvable: impossible 
irrespective: irrelevant 
irresponsibility: flighty 
irresponsibleness: flighty 
irresponsibly: careful 
irreversible: impossible 
irreversibly: impossible 
irrevocable: impossible 
irrigate: irrigate 
irritable: BadTemper 
irritably: BadTemper 
irritant: physical 
irritated: angry 
irritatingly: able 
irritation: irritate 
irritative: able 
irrupt: attack 
isabeling: yellow 
isarithm: mark 
ischemia: phenomena 
ischium: part 
Ise: place 
isentropic: symbol 
isentropy: symbol 
Ishinomaki: place 
iside: location 
ISIS: community 
Islamabad: place 
Islamic: knowledge 
Islamism: community 
Islamist: human 
Islamophobia: disease 
island: land 
islander: human 
islands: land 
isle: land 
islet: land 
ISMO: medicine 
isoagglutination: fact 
isoagglutinin: part 
isoantibody: part 
isobar: mark 
isobutyl: chemical 
isobutylene: chemical 
isobutylphenyl: chemical 
isocarboxazid: chemical 
isoceles: GeoRegular 
isochion: mark 
isochromosome: part 
isochrone: mark 
isocyanate: chemical 
isogram: mark 
isohel: mark 
isohyet: mark 
isolated: lonely 
isolationism: thinking 
isolationist: thinking 
isomer: chemical 
isomerisation: ize 
isomerise: ize 
isomerization: ize 
isomerize: ize 
isometric: mark 
isometropia: experience 
isometry: Rate 
isopleth: mark 
isoprene: chemical 
isospace: part 
isostasy: balanced 
isostatic: balanced 
isotherm: mark 
isothiocyanate: chemical 
isotope: part 
isotropic: Amount 
isotropous: Amount 
isotropy: Amount 
ISP: InstitutePlace 
Israel: place 
ISSN: Number 
issue: publish 
Istanbul: place 
isthmus: land 
it: inanimate 
IT: knowledge 
italic: slanted 
italics: symbol 
italy: place 
item: shows 
itemisation: quote 
itemise: quote 
itemization: quote 
itemize: quote 
iterance: repeat 
iterate: repeat 
iteration: BeRecovered 
itinerant: SelfMove 
itinerate: circulate 
ITO: institution 
ITU: part 
IUD: tool 
Ivorian: RelatingToCountry 
ivory: material 
ivy: FlowerGrass 
Iwaki: place 
Iwamizawa: place 
Izumo: place 
jabber: TalkNonsense 
jack: fittings 
Jack: human 
jack: tool 
jackanapes: human 
jackaroo: human 
jackass: livestock 
jackdaw: bird 
jackeroo: human 
jacket: clothing 
jackhammer: Posture 
jackknife: tool 
jackpot: tool 
jackscrew: machine 
Jackson: place 
Jacksonville: place 
jackstraw: part 
jackstraws: fact 
jactitation: uneasy 
jaculate: throw 
jaculation: throw 
jaded: tired 
jadedness: tired 
jadeite: material 
jadestone: material 
jadeware: tool 
jaeger: human 
jagged: rugged 
jaggedly: rugged 
jaguar: beast 
jaguarondi: beast 
jaguarundi: beast 
jailbait: human 
jailbird: human 
jailbreak: flee 
jailer: human 
jaileress: human 
jailhouse: InstitutePlace 
jailor: human 
Jakarta: place 
JAL: InstitutePlace 
Jalalabad: place 
jalousie: fittings 
Jamaica: place 
jambalaya: food 
jamboree: fact 
jamming: MakeTrouble 
Jan: time 
jangle: cry 
janitor: human 
January: time 
Japan: place 
Japaness: PatternValue 
japanner: human 
japonica: FlowerGrass 
jarful: NounUnit 
jargon: expression 
jarring: coarse 
JASDF: part 
jasmin: FlowerGrass 
jasmine: FlowerGrass 
Jason: humanized 
jasper: material 
jaunt: tour 
jauntiness: BehaviorValue 
jaunty: BehaviorValue 
java: drinks 
Java: place 
javelin: SportTool 
jaw: part 
jawbone: part 
jay: bird 
jaybird: bird 
jealously: PropertyValue 
jealousness: jealous 
jean: material 
Jean: Name 
jeans: clothing 
jeep: LandVehicle 
jeer: mock 
jeerer: human 
jehad: fact 
Jehovah: humanized 
Jeju: place 
jejuneness: naif 
jejunostomy: fact 
jejunum: part 
jellied: physical 
jellification: StateChange 
jelly: food 
jellybean: food 
jellyfish: fish 
jellygraph: tool 
Jena: place 
jenny: livestock 
Jeonju: place 
jeopardise: damage 
jeopardize: damage 
jeopardy: Circumstances 
jerboa: beast 
Jerez: place 
jerk: twitch 
jerkily: fluent 
jerkin: clothing 
jerque: check 
jerquer: human 
jerry: rash 
jersey: clothing 
Jerusalem: place 
jest: text 
jestbook: readings 
jester: human 
jestful: interesting 
Jesus: human 
jet: PerformanceValue 
jetliner: aircraft 
jetplane: aircraft 
jettison: abandon 
jetton: facilities 
jetty: facilities 
Jew: human 
jewelfish: fish 
jewelry: treasure 
jewels: treasure 
Jewess: human 
jewfish: fish 
Jewish: RelatingToCountry 
Jewry: community 
JGSDF: part 
Ji: surname 
Jia: surname 
Jiading: place 
Jiagu: surname 
Jiajing: time 
Jiamusi: place 
Jiang: surname 
Jiangdu: place 
Jiangling: place 
Jiangmen: place 
Jiangning: place 
Jiangsu: place 
Jiangxi: place 
Jiangxian: place 
Jiangyan: place 
Jiangyin: place 
Jiangzi: place 
Jianhu: place 
Jianning: place 
Jianou: place 
Jianyang: place 
Jiao: surname 
Jiaocheng: place 
Jiaohe: place 
Jiaokou: place 
Jiaozhou: place 
Jiaozuo: place 
Jiaqing: time 
Jiashan: place 
Jiashi: place 
Jiaxian: place 
Jiaxing: place 
Jiayi: place 
Jiayuguan: place 
jib: disobey 
Jie: surname 
jiffy: time 
jiggle: shake 
jiggly: shake 
jigsaw: tool 
Jigshan: place 
jihad: fact 
jihadi: human 
Jilong: place 
jimmy: lift 
Jimo: place 
Jin: surname 
jin: Unit 
Jinan: place 
Jinchang: place 
Jincheng: place 
Jinchu: surname 
Jingan: place 
Jingansi: place 
Jingdezhen: place 
Jingdong: InstitutePlace 
Jinghai: place 
Jingjiang: place 
jingle: MakeSound 
Jingle: place 
Jingmen: place 
jingo: human 
jingoism: thinking 
jingoistic: thinking 
Jingxian: place 
Jingxing: place 
Jingzhou: place 
Jinhua: place 
Jining: place 
jinja: facilities 
Jinmen: place 
jinrikisha: LandVehicle 
Jinxi: place 
Jinyang: place 
Jinzhou: place 
JIS: Standard 
Jishan: place 
Jishou: place 
jitney: LandVehicle 
jitteriness: easy 
Jiu: surname 
Jiujiang: place 
Jiuquan: place 
Jiuzhaigou: place 
Jixi: place 
Jixian: place 
Jiyang: place 
Jiyuan: place 
JMSDF: part 
job: fact 
jobbery: seek 
jobless: lose 
Jocasta: humanized 
jocko: beast 
jocose: interesting 
jocoseness: interesting 
jocosity: interesting 
jocular: interesting 
jocularity: interesting 
jocularly: interesting 
jocund: joyful 
jocundity: joyful 
jog: run 
jogging: run 
joggle: shake 
Johannesburg: place 
join: include 
joinder: connect 
joinery: affairs 
joint: part 
jointer: tool 
jointing: grow 
jointly: together 
jokebook: text 
jokingly: rash 
jollification: congratulate 
jolty: shiver 
jonah: human 
jongleur: human 
jonquil: FlowerGrass 
Jordan: place 
Joseon: place 
josh: tease 
joss: image 
jostle: push 
jot: write 
jotting: text 
joule: Unit 
jounce: shiver 
jouncy: shiver 
journalese: expression 
journalism: affairs 
journalist: human 
journalistic: affairs 
journeysman: human 
joust: compete 
jovial: joyful 
joviality: joyful 
jowl: part 
joyfully: happy 
joylessness: joyful 
joyously: joyful 
joyousness: emotion 
joystick: part 
JSDF: part 
ju: tree 
Juan: place 
Juancheng: place 
jubilance: joyful 
jubilancy: joyful 
jubilant: joyful 
jubilate: cry 
jubilation: Living 
judaism: community 
judaist: human 
Judas: human 
judgeship: Occupation 
judgship: Occupation 
judicative: judge 
judicatory: judge 
judicial: PropertyValue 
judicious: wise 
judiciousness: wise 
judo: fact 
jug: tool 
jugful: NounUnit 
juggernaut: Strength 
jugulate: kill 
juicer: tool 
juicy: PropertyValue 
jujitsu: fact 
juju: Ability 
jujube: fruit 
jujutsu: fact 
jukebox: tool 
July: time 
jumbled: mixed 
jumbly: chaotic 
jumbrella: tool 
jument: livestock 
jumper: human 
jumpstart: start 
jumpsuit: clothing 
jumpy: shiver 
June: time 
Juneau: place 
jungle: tree 
juniority: young 
juniors: human 
juniper: tree 
junkie: human 
junkman: human 
junky: human 
junta: community 
junto: community 
Junxian: place 
jural: PropertyValue 
juridic: PropertyValue 
jurisconsult: human 
jurisdiction: rights 
jurisprudence: knowledge 
jurisprudential: knowledge 
jurist: human 
juristic: law 
juror: human 
jury: community 
juryman: human 
jurywoman: human 
jussive: Property 
justiciable: able 
justifiable: correct 
justifier: human 
justness: fair 
jute: crop 
jutting: protruding 
juvenescence: young 
juvenile: human 
juvenility: naif 
juxtapose: BeNear 
K: Unit 
kabob: food 
Kabukicho: place 
Kabul: place 
Kaesong: place 
Kaffir: human 
Kaifeng: place 
Kaiping: place 
kaiser: human 
kaiserism: system 
Kaiserslautern: place 
KAIST: InstitutePlace 
Kaiyuan: place 
kaleidoscope: tool 
kaleidoscopical: changeable 
kaleidoscopically: changeable 
kalimantan: place 
kalium: metal 
Kamchatka: land 
Kampala: place 
kampong: place 
Kampuchea: place 
Kan: surname 
kana: symbol 
Kanazawa: place 
Kandahar: place 
kang: furniture 
Kang: surname 
kangaroo: beast 
Kangxi: time 
Kangxian: place 
Kanji: character 
Kannada: language 
Kanoya: place 
Kansas: place 
kaoliang: crop 
kaolin: stone 
kapok: crop 
Karachi: place 
Karamay: place 
Karaok: InstitutePlace 
karat: Unit 
Karat: Unit 
karate: fact 
karez: facilities 
Karlsruhe: place 
karma: Fate 
karst: stone 
karting: tool 
karyokinesis: fact 
karyon: part 
karyotin: part 
Karzai: human 
kasaya: clothing 
Kashi: place 
Kashmir: place 
Kashmirian: place 
Kassel: place 
kat: material 
katabatic: BecomeLess 
katakana: symbol 
Katar: place 
Kate: human 
katharobe: animate 
katharobic: animate 
Kathmandu: place 
Katmandu: place 
katydid: InsectWorm 
Kaunas: place 
kava: alcohol 
kavakava: alcohol 
kayak: ship 
kayo: win 
Kazakhstan: place 
Kazakstan: place 
KB: Unit 
kc: Unit 
KCNA: institution 
Ke: surname 
kebab: food 
keck: able 
kedgeree: food 
Kedong: place 
keef: medicine 
keelage: expenditure 
keelboat: ship 
Keelung: place 
keemun: material 
keen: strong 
keenly: strong 
keep: store 
keeper: human 
keepsake: artifact 
keg: tool 
kegful: NounUnit 
Kelan: place 
kelp: AlgaeFungi 
kelt: fish 
Kempten: place 
ken: distinguish 
Kennedy: human 
keno: fact 
Kentucky: place 
Kenya: place 
kepi: clothing 
Kerala: place 
keratalgia: phenomena 
keratin: part 
keratinisation: ize 
keratinise: ize 
keratinization: ize 
keratinize: ize 
keratitis: disease 
keratolytic: part 
keratoma: disease 
keratomycosis: disease 
keratoplasty: fact 
keratoscope: tool 
keratose: part 
keratosis: disease 
keratotomy: split 
kerb: part 
kerchief: clothing 
kerfufflle: fact 
kermess: InstitutePlace 
kernicterus: phenomena 
kerosene: material 
kerosine: material 
Keshan: place 
kestrel: bird 
ketamine: drug 
ketch: ship 
ketchup: material 
ketoaciduria: disease 
ketone: chemical 
ketonemia: disease 
ketonuria: disease 
ketosis: disease 
kettledrum: MusicTool 
kettleful: NounUnit 
key: tool 
keyboard: part 
keyhole: part 
keyman: human 
keymoney: payment 
Keynes: human 
keynoter: human 
keystone: part 
KFC: InstitutePlace 
kg: Unit 
KGB: part 
khabarovsk: place 
khaki: yellow 
Khanka: waters 
Khartoum: place 
khat: material 
Khruschov: human 
kHz: Unit 
KIA: LandVehicle 
kiang: beast 
kibbitz: persuade 
kibbler: machine 
kibbutz: InstitutePlace 
kibe: disease 
kibitz: persuade 
kibosh: obstruct 
kick: kick 
kickback: payment 
kickboxer: human 
kickboxing: fact 
kickshaw: edible 
kid: tease 
kiddult: human 
kidnap: TakeAway 
kidnapper: human 
kidney: part 
kidneys: food 
kidneystone: stone 
kidology: knowledge 
Kiel: place 
Kiev: place 
Kigali: place 
Kikongo: human 
Kilimanjaro: land 
kill: kill 
killer: human 
killick: part 
killing: ResultIn 
killjoy: human 
Kilmarnock: place 
kiln: facilities 
kilo: Unit 
kilobyte: Unit 
kilocalorie: Unit 
kilocurie: Unit 
kilocycle: Unit 
kilogram: Unit 
kilohertz: Unit 
kiloliter: Unit 
kilolitre: Unit 
kilometer: Unit 
kilometre: Unit 
kiloton: Unit 
kilovolt: Unit 
kilowatt: Unit 
kilt: clothing 
kimchi: food 
kimono: clothing 
Kina: money 
kinaethesia: experience 
kindergarten: InstitutePlace 
kindhearted: benevolent 
kindle: lighting 
kindling: inanimate 
kindly: gentle 
kindness: emotion 
kinematic: knowledge 
kinematics: knowledge 
kinescope: part 
kinetic: SituationValue 
kinetically: SituationValue 
kinetics: knowledge 
kinfolk: human 
kingfisher: bird 
kinglet: human 
kingly: human 
kingpin: human 
kink: bend 
kinkajou: beast 
kinkle: part 
Kinshasa: place 
kinship: Attachment 
kinsman: human 
kinsperson: human 
kinswoman: human 
Kip: money 
kip: sleep 
kippa: clothing 
Kirghizia: place 
Kirghizstan: place 
Kirgizia: place 
Kirgizstan: place 
kirk: community 
Kirkwall: place 
kirtle: clothing 
Kirundi: language 
kishinev: place 
kismet: Fate 
kisser: human 
kissingly: gentle 
Kitakyushu: place 
Kitami: place 
kitchen: room 
kitchenware: tool 
kitten: livestock 
kittiwake: bird 
kitty: livestock 
kiwi: tree 
Kiyarwanda: language 
kleptocracy: system 
kleptoscope: tool 
km: Unit 
knack: method 
knacky: dexterous 
knap: beat 
knapsack: tool 
knapweed: FlowerGrass 
knave: human 
knavish: despicable 
knavishness: human 
knee: part 
kneejoint: part 
kneeler: furniture 
kneepad: tool 
kneepan: part 
Knesset: institution 
Knesseth: institution 
knickerbockers: clothing 
knickers: clothing 
knickknack: inanimate 
knickknackery: inanimate 
knifelike: clever 
knitter: tool 
knitwear: artifact 
knock: beat 
knocker: part 
knockoff: artifact 
knockout: win 
knoll: land 
knot: tool 
knotty: difficult 
know: know 
knowable: able 
knowingly: intentional 
knowingness: experience 
knowledgeable: able 
Knoxville: place 
KO: win 
koala: beast 
Kobe: place 
Kobenhavn: place 
Koblenz: place 
kochenite: material 
kolinsky: beast 
Kolkata: place 
Kolkhoz: InstitutePlace 
Koln: place 
Konakri: place 
Kong: surname 
kook: human 
Koran: publications 
Kordofan: place 
kotow: salute 
Kou: surname 
Kovna: place 
Kovno: place 
koweit: place 
Kowloon: place 
kowtow: salute 
KPA: army 
Kr: chemical 
kraft: material 
krait: beast 
Kremlin: institution 
krill: fish 
Krone: money 
Krupp: InstitutePlace 
kryptol: shape 
krypton: chemical 
KTV: facilities 
Ku: human 
Kuai: surname 
Kuang: surname 
Kuanghou: surname 
kudos: praise 
Kui: surname 
Kulun: place 
Kumamoto: place 
kummerbund: Size 
kumquat: fruit 
Kun: surname 
Kunduz: place 
Kunming: place 
Kunshan: place 
Kuomintang: community 
kurb: part 
kurbstone: material 
Kurd: human 
Kuroshio: water 
Kuwait: place 
Kv: Unit 
KVA: Unit 
kvass: alcohol 
kvetch: ExpressDissatisfaction 
KW: Unit 
Kwacha: money 
Kwai: Unit 
Kwangju: place 
Kwanza: money 
KWh: Unit 
Kyat: money 
kyle: waters 
kylin: beast 
KYODO: institution 
Kyoto: place 
kyphosis: human 
Kyrgyzstan: place 
kyte: part 
Kyushu: place 
lab: InstitutePlace 
labefaction: decline 
labialise: MakeSound 
labialization: MakeSound 
labialize: MakeSound 
labile: changeable 
labiodental: sound 
labium: part 
laborer: human 
laboriously: miserable 
laboriousness: Effortfulness 
laboured: effortful 
labourer: human 
labyrinthian: complicated 
lace: tool 
laced: FormValue 
laceless: FormValue 
lacelike: FormValue 
lacerable: easy 
lacerate: separate 
laceration: location 
lacet: tool 
laches: careless 
lachrymal: part 
lachrymation: flow 
lachrymator: weapon 
lack: lack 
lackadaisical: FeelingByBad 
lackadaisically: BehaviorValue 
lackeys: human 
lacklustre: dark 
laconic: concise 
laconicism: concise 
laconism: concise 
lacquer: material 
lacquerer: human 
lacquering: image 
lacquerware: tool 
lacquerwork: tool 
lacrimator: weapon 
lacrosse: fact 
lactalbumin: part 
lactase: part 
lactation: time 
lacteal: FormValue 
lactic: part 
lactobacilli: bacteria 
lactobacillus: bacteria 
lactoflavin: medicine 
lactone: chemical 
lactose: material 
lacuna: lack 
lacunae: lack 
lacus: place 
lacustrine: waters 
lacy: tool 
LAD: part 
laddie: human 
laddle: tool 
lade: load 
lading: artifact 
ladle: tool 
ladybell: FlowerGrass 
ladyboy: human 
ladybug: InsectWorm 
Laertes: humanized 
laevulose: chemical 
lag: inferior 
lagging: material 
lagoon: waters 
Lagos: place 
laguna: waters 
lagune: waters 
Lahore: place 
LAI: InstitutePlace 
laicise: BeRecovered 
laicize: BeRecovered 
laity: human 
Laius: humanized 
Laiwu: place 
Laiyang: place 
Laizhou: place 
lake: waters 
lakeshore: land 
lakeside: land 
laky: waters 
lallygag: walk 
lam: beat 
lama: human 
lamaism: community 
lamaist: human 
Lamarckism: knowledge 
lamasery: facilities 
lamb: livestock 
lambency: illuminate 
lambent: vague 
lambert: Unit 
lambskin: part 
lame: useless 
lamella: shape 
lamellate: thin 
lamellibranch: fish 
lamelliform: thin 
lameness: disable 
lament: condole 
lamentation: condole 
lamenting: sorrowful 
lamia: humanized 
lamina: shape 
laminectomy: fact 
lamp: tool 
lampblack: waste 
lamplight: lights 
lampoon: readings 
lampooner: human 
lamppost: tool 
Lampropeltis: beast 
lampshade: part 
lampstand: part 
lampwick: part 
lamster: human 
LAN: InfoCarrier 
Lan: surname 
lance: weapon 
lanceolate: pointed 
lancers: shows 
lancet: tool 
lancinate: split 
landfall: arrive 
landform: Form 
landing: arrive 
landlady: human 
landlocked: land 
landmark: time 
landscape: Scene 
landscaping: plan 
Landshut: place 
landslide: phenomena 
landslip: phenomena 
landsman: human 
Langfang: place 
langsyne: time 
languish: frail 
laniard: part 
laniary: part 
laniferous: FormValue 
lank: LengthLong 
Lanka: place 
Lankan: place 
lanky: StatureTall 
lanolin: part 
lantern: tool 
lanthanum: metal 
lanugo: part 
Lanxi: place 
Lanxian: place 
Lanzhou: place 
Laocoon: humanized 
Laon: place 
Laos: place 
Laotian: RelatingToCountry 
lap: savor 
laparoscope: tool 
laparoscopy: fact 
laparotomy: fact 
lapel: part 
lapicide: human 
lapidarist: human 
lapidate: kill 
lapidify: ize 
lapillus: stone 
lappet: part 
laptop: computer 
larcener: human 
larch: tree 
lardaceous: material 
largely: FuncWord 
largeness: big 
largescale: extensive 
largish: big 
lariat: tool 
lark: recreation 
larn: study 
larrup: beat 
larva: InsectWorm 
laryngeal: part 
laryngectomize: doctor 
laryngectomy: fact 
laryngic: part 
laryngitis: disease 
laryngoctomy: fact 
laryngological: knowledge 
laryngologist: human 
laryngology: knowledge 
laryngoplasty: fact 
laryngoscope: tool 
laryngoscopy: fact 
laryngotomy: fact 
larynx: part 
Lasa: place 
lasagna: food 
lascivious: lascivious 
lasciviously: lascivious 
lasciviousness: lascivious 
lash: tool 
Lassa: place 
lassie: human 
last: preceding 
lastingness: GoodBad 
lastly: FuncWord 
latch: shut 
latchet: fittings 
late: StageLate 
latecomer: human 
lateness: late 
later: time 
lateralisation: TakeAway 
lateralise: TakeAway 
laterality: TakeAway 
lateralization: TakeAway 
lateralize: TakeAway 
laterally: part 
laterite: stone 
latest: recent 
lath: material 
lathy: FormValue 
latices: material 
latinise: ize 
latinist: human 
latinize: ize 
Latino: earth 
latish: late 
latrine: facilities 
latte: drinks 
latten: shape 
latter: thing 
lattice: shape 
Latvia: place 
laud: praise 
laudability: able 
laudable: able 
laudableness: able 
laudably: able 
laudanum: medicine 
laudation: praise 
laudatory: able 
laughable: interesting 
laughingly: laugh 
laughingstock: information 
launch: TurnOn 
launder: alter 
laundress: human 
laundry: InstitutePlace 
laundryman: human 
laundrywoman: human 
Lauraceae: tree 
laureate: human 
Lausanne: place 
lava: stone 
lavage: doctor 
lavalier: fittings 
lavaliere: fittings 
lavalliere: fittings 
Lavandula: FlowerGrass 
lavation: wash 
lave: wash 
lavement: doctor 
lavender: FlowerGrass 
laver: food 
lavishly: extravagant 
lavishness: lavish 
law: regulation 
lawbreaker: human 
lawbreaking: disobey 
lawful: lawful 
lawfully: lawful 
lawfulness: Lawfulness 
lawless: unlawful 
lawlessly: unlawful 
lawlessness: unlawful 
lawmaker: human 
lawmaking: forming 
lawman: human 
lawn: facilities 
lawrencium: part 
lawsuit: fact 
lawyer: human 
lax: waste 
laxation: relax 
laxative: medicine 
laxity: relax 
laxly: relax 
layabout: human 
layby: facilities 
layered: layered 
layoff: discharge 
lazar: human 
lazaret: InstitutePlace 
lazarette: InstitutePlace 
lazaretto: InstitutePlace 
laze: lazy 
laziness: lazy 
lazy: lazy 
lazybones: human 
lb: Unit 
LCD: tool 
lcm: symbol 
LDL: physical 
LDLC: physical 
LDP: community 
Le: surname 
lea: land 
leach: filter 
lead: surpass 
leaden: PropertyValue 
leader: human 
leadership: part 
leading: primary 
leadless: exist 
leaf: reverse 
leafage: part 
leafstalk: part 
leafy: exuberant 
league: place 
leaker: human 
leakproof: able 
leaky: exposure 
leaning: slanted 
leapfrog: WhileAway 
learn: study 
learned: erudite 
learnedness: Learning 
learner: human 
lease: lend 
leaseholder: human 
leash: fittings 
least: small 
leather: material 
leatherette: material 
leatherware: artifact 
leatherwork: artifact 
leathery: tough 
leave: start 
leaven: material 
leavings: part 
Lebanon: place 
lecher: human 
lecherous: lascivious 
lecherously: lascivious 
lecherousness: aspiration 
lecithin: medicine 
lectern: facilities 
lecture: text 
lecturer: human 
lectureship: Status 
Leda: humanized 
ledge: part 
ledger: account 
leechlike: PropertyValue 
leer: look 
leery: doubt 
Left: community 
left: location 
leftover: food 
leftovers: edible 
lefty: human 
leg: part 
legacy: thing 
legalese: expression 
legalisation: ize 
legalise: ize 
legalist: human 
legate: human 
legatee: human 
legation: institution 
legato: continuous 
legator: human 
legendary: extraordinary 
legendry: text 
leger: account 
legerdemain: shows 
Leghorn: bird 
legibility: able 
legibly: easy 
legion: part 
legionnaire: part 
legislate: forming 
legislating: forming 
legislation: forming 
legislative: forming 
legislator: human 
legislature: institution 
legist: human 
legitimate: lawful 
legitimately: lawful 
legitimatise: ize 
legitimatize: ize 
legitimise: ize 
legitimize: ize 
leguminous: Attachment 
Lei: surname 
Leibniz: human 
Leiden: place 
leiomyosarcoma: disease 
Leipzig: place 
leishmaniasis: disease 
leishmaniosis: disease 
leisureliness: unhurried 
Leiyang: place 
Lek: money 
lemma: part 
lemon: yellow 
lemonade: drinks 
lemonlike: Taste 
Lempira: money 
lemur: beast 
lend: lend 
lender: human 
lending: lend 
Leng: surname 
lengthily: trivial 
lengthways: vertical 
lengthwise: vertical 
lenience: lenient 
leniency: lenient 
lenient: lenient 
leniently: lenient 
lenify: soothe 
Lenin: human 
Leningrad: place 
Leninism: knowledge 
lenity: broadminded 
Lenovo: computer 
lens: part 
lense: part 
lentic: water 
lenticular: FormValue 
lentigo: disease 
lentoid: FormValue 
Leo: KindValue 
Leone: money 
leopard: beast 
leotard: clothing 
leper: human 
Lepidoptera: Kind 
Leping: place 
lepromatous: disease 
leprosarium: InstitutePlace 
leprosy: disease 
leprous: disease 
leptospira: bacteria 
leptospirosis: disease 
Lermontov: human 
lesbian: human 
Lesotho: place 
less: few 
lessee: human 
lessen: subtract 
lesser: lenient 
lesson: information 
lessor: human 
lest: fear 
let: lend 
letdown: disappointed 
lethality: Ability 
lethargic: tired 
lethargically: frail 
lethe: forget 
Lethe: waters 
Leting: place 
letterpress: tool 
Leu: money 
leucaemia: disease 
leucine: chemical 
leucocyte: part 
leucocytosis: phenomena 
leucoma: disease 
leucopenia: disease 
leucophore: part 
leucorrhea: part 
leucotomy: fact 
leukaemia: disease 
leukemia: disease 
leukocytosis: phenomena 
leukoderma: disease 
leukoencephalitis: disease 
leukoma: disease 
leukopenia: disease 
leukorrhea: part 
leukotomy: fact 
Lev: money 
levant: escape 
Levant: place 
levee: facilities 
level: tool 
lever: tool 
leviable: able 
levis: clothing 
levitate: circle 
levity: flighty 
levulose: chemical 
levy: levy 
lewd: lascivious 
lewdly: lascivious 
lewdness: lascivious 
lexeme: part 
lexical: expression 
lexicalisation: ize 
lexicalise: ize 
lexicalization: ize 
lexicalize: ize 
lexicographer: human 
lexicography: knowledge 
lexicologist: human 
lexicology: knowledge 
lexicostatistics: knowledge 
lexis: expression 
Lexus: LandVehicle 
ley: land 
Leyden: place 
lg: symbol 
lgbt: fact 
LH: physical 
Lhasa: place 
Lhoba: tribe 
Li: surname 
li: Unit 
Li: waters 
liable: bear 
liaise: mediate 
liaison: Intimacy 
liana: plant 
Liang: surname 
Liangping: place 
Liangqiu: surname 
Liangzhou: place 
Lianjiang: place 
Lianshui: place 
lianyuan: place 
Lianyungang: place 
Liao: surname 
Liaocheng: place 
Liaoning: place 
Liaoyang: place 
Liaoyuan: place 
Liaozhong: place 
liar: human 
libber: human 
libel: slander 
libellous: FriendlinessValue 
libelous: FriendlinessValue 
liberal: human 
Liberal: human 
liberalise: ize 
liberalism: Behavior 
liberalistic: FondOf 
liberality: generous 
liberalization: ize 
liberalize: ize 
liberate: CauseToDo 
liberation: CauseToDo 
liberator: human 
Liberia: place 
libero: human 
libertarianism: Behavior 
libertine: human 
libertinism: lascivious 
libidinous: lascivious 
libido: aspiration 
Libra: KindValue 
librarian: human 
librarianship: Status 
library: readings 
librate: shake 
libration: shake 
libratory: wave 
Libreville: place 
Libritabs: medicine 
Librium: medicine 
Libya: place 
Libyan: RelatingToCountry 
licence: ExpressAgreement 
licenced: lawful 
licencee: human 
licencer: human 
license: ExpressAgreement 
licensed: lawful 
licensee: human 
licenser: human 
licensor: human 
licentiate: human 
licentiously: lascivious 
licentiousness: fact 
lichen: AlgaeFungi 
Licheng: place 
licit: proper 
licitly: proper 
lick: savor 
lickerish: acquisitive 
licorice: food 
lid: part 
lidar: tool 
Liechtenstein: place 
lien: rights 
lieu: replace 
lieutenant: human 
life: time 
lifeboat: ship 
lifebreath: Life 
lifeguard: human 
lifeless: inanimate 
lifelessness: inanimate 
lifelike: lucid 
lifeline: Life 
lifelong: TimeLong 
lifesaver: human 
lifesaving: rescue 
lifespan: time 
lifestyle: Behavior 
lifetime: time 
lifework: affairs 
lifter: human 
liftoff: GoUp 
ligament: part 
ligand: part 
ligate: doctor 
ligation: doctor 
ligature: tool 
lightbulb: part 
lighter: tool 
lighterage: expenditure 
lighterman: human 
lightheaded: dizzy 
lightheadedness: dizzy 
lighthearted: joyful 
lightheartedness: optimistic 
lighthouse: facilities 
lightish: NotHeavy 
lightless: dark 
lightmeter: tool 
lights: tool 
lightsomeness: optimistic 
ligneous: PropertyValue 
ligniferous: PropertyValue 
lignification: ize 
lignify: ize 
lignin: chemical 
lignite: material 
lignitic: material 
lignose: chemical 
lignosulphonate: chemical 
lignum: material 
ligroin: material 
Lijiang: place 
likableness: BestQuality 
likeable: able 
likelihood: Possibility 
likeliness: Possibility 
liken: CompareTo 
likeness: Similarity 
liking: emotion 
Lilangenil: money 
Liling: place 
lilliputian: small 
Lilongwe: place 
lilt: speak 
lily: FlowerGrass 
Lima: place 
liman: part 
limb: part 
limber: flexible 
limbo: house 
limbs: part 
lime: material 
limelight: Ability 
limen: location 
limestone: material 
limitable: able 
limitary: delimit 
limitation: Property 
limitative: PropertyValue 
limiter: part 
limiting: delimit 
limitless: wide 
limitlessness: extensive 
limn: describe 
limnological: knowledge 
limnology: knowledge 
limo: LandVehicle 
Limoges: place 
limonite: stone 
limousine: LandVehicle 
limpid: clear 
limping: walk 
limpness: frail 
Lin: surname 
linac: tool 
linage: Amount 
linchpin: part 
Lincon: Name 
linden: tree 
line: trace 
lineal: lineal 
lineament: Appearance 
linear: linear 
linearisation: ize 
linearise: ize 
linearity: linear 
linearization: ize 
linearize: ize 
lineate: PerformanceValue 
lineation: part 
lined: layered 
lineman: human 
linendraper: human 
liner: ship 
Linfen: place 
Ling: surname 
Lingala: language 
Lingchuan: place 
linger: stay 
lingerie: clothing 
lingering: difficult 
Linghu: surname 
lingo: expression 
lingonberry: fruit 
Lingqiu: place 
Lingshi: place 
linguae: human 
lingual: language 
linguate: FormValue 
linguatulid: InsectWorm 
linguine: food 
linguini: food 
linguist: human 
linguistic: knowledge 
linguistical: knowledge 
linguistically: knowledge 
linguistician: human 
linguistics: knowledge 
linguistry: knowledge 
lingulate: curved 
linguodental: sound 
lingware: software 
Lingyuan: place 
Linhai: place 
Linhe: place 
liniment: medicine 
linimentum: medicine 
lining: part 
link: Pertinence 
linkage: connect 
LinkedIn: InfoCarrier 
linker: tool 
Linkou: place 
Linqing: place 
linseed: part 
lint: material 
lintel: part 
Lintong: place 
Linxia: place 
Linxian: place 
liny: LowVoice 
Linzhi: place 
Linzi: place 
lion: beast 
lioness: beast 
lionet: beast 
lionise: praise 
lionize: praise 
lip: part 
lipaemia: phenomena 
lipase: part 
lipemia: phenomena 
lipgloss: tool 
lipid: part 
lipidaemia: phenomena 
lipidemia: phenomena 
lipoidaemia: phenomena 
lipoidemia: phenomena 
lipoidosis: disease 
lipoma: disease 
lipoprotein: physical 
liposarcoma: disease 
liposuction: PickOut 
Lippstadt: place 
lippy: impolite 
lipread: understand 
lipreading: read 
lips: part 
lipstick: tool 
liqidate: return 
liqidation: return 
liquate: StateChange 
liquation: StateChange 
liquefacient: chemical 
liquefaction: StateChange 
liquefiable: able 
liquescent: able 
liquidator: human 
liquidise: StateChange 
liquidization: StateChange 
liquidizer: tool 
liquify: StateChange 
lira: Unit 
liriodendron: tree 
Lisbon: place 
lisp: disable 
lisper: human 
lissom: gracious 
lissome: gracious 
list: quote 
listen: listen 
listener: human 
listeners: human 
listeriosis: disease 
listings: Intimacy 
listless: sad 
litany: text 
liter: Unit 
literacy: Ability 
literal: true 
literalisation: explain 
literalise: explain 
literalism: translate 
literalization: explain 
literalize: explain 
literally: lucid 
literalness: true 
literary: affairs 
literate: human 
literati: human 
literator: human 
lithangiuria: disease 
lithiasis: disease 
lithic: image 
lithium: metal 
lithoglyptics: method 
lithograph: image 
lithotomy: fact 
lithotrite: tool 
lithotrity: method 
Lithuania: place 
litigant: human 
litigate: accuse 
litigation: fact 
litmus: material 
litre: Unit 
litterateur: human 
litterbag: tool 
litterbug: human 
litterer: human 
littery: disorder 
little: small 
littleness: StatureShort 
Liu: surname 
Liuan: place 
Liulin: place 
Liupanshui: place 
Liuyang: place 
Liuzhou: place 
livable: suitable 
live: reside 
liveable: suitable 
livelihood: Living 
livelong: LengthLong 
liven: CauseToLive 
liveness: animate 
liver: part 
Liverpool: place 
liverwurst: food 
lives: reside 
livestock: livestock 
lividity: grey 
lividness: grey 
lixivium: chemical 
lizard: beast 
Ljubljana: place 
LLB: human 
LLD: human 
lm: Unit 
loach: fish 
load: record 
loafer: human 
loafing: DoNot 
loam: stone 
loaner: human 
loath: inactive 
loathing: disgust 
loathly: able 
loathsome: able 
loathsomeness: able 
lob: walk 
lobbyist: human 
lobe: part 
lobectomy: fact 
lobotomy: fact 
lobscouse: food 
lobscuse: food 
lobster: fish 
local: pieced 
locale: location 
localisation: ize 
localise: ize 
localism: thinking 
locality: place 
localization: ize 
locals: human 
locate: decide 
locative: Performance 
loch: waters 
lochia: part 
lockdown: fact 
locker: facilities 
lockjaw: disease 
locksmith: human 
lockup: InstitutePlace 
locoism: disease 
locomote: SelfMove 
locomotion: AlterLocation 
locomotor: AlterLocation 
locus: route 
lode: InstitutePlace 
lodestar: celestial 
lodestone: metal 
lodge: reside 
lodgement: house 
lodger: human 
lodging: reside 
lodgings: fact 
loess: stone 
loft: room 
lofting: produce 
log: wood 
logagraphia: disease 
loganberry: fruit 
logarithm: symbol 
logarithmic: symbol 
loggerhead: human 
loggerheaded: foolish 
logginess: NotQuick 
logic: reason 
logicality: Logicality 
logicalness: Logicality 
logician: human 
login: record 
loginess: NotQuick 
logistic: affairs 
logistical: affairs 
logistician: human 
logo: mark 
logogram: symbol 
logograph: symbol 
logout: cease 
logroll: endorse 
logrolling: fact 
logy: dizzy 
loins: part 
Lolita: human 
lollop: walk 
lolly: food 
lollygag: walk 
Lome: place 
London: place 
lone: lonely 
loneliness: lonely 
lonely: lonely 
loner: human 
lonesome: lonely 
lonesomeness: lonely 
Long: surname 
long: TimeLong 
longan: fruit 
longanimity: Patience 
longevity: Age 
longevous: Age 
Longhai: place 
longicorn: InsectWorm 
longing: aspiration 
longingly: eager 
longish: LengthLong 
longitude: mark 
longitudinal: vertical 
longitudinally: vertical 
Longnan: place 
longshoreman: human 
longshoremen: human 
longsightedness: disease 
longtime: TimeLong 
Longview: place 
longwise: vertical 
Longyan: place 
lonicera: FlowerGrass 
lontar: tree 
looby: human 
loofa: tool 
lookout: facilities 
lookup: LookFor 
looney: human 
loonie: money 
loony: human 
looper: InsectWorm 
loosely: unattached 
loosen: loosen 
loot: rob 
lop: PutInOrder 
lope: run 
loquacious: trivial 
loquaciously: trivial 
loquaciousness: trivial 
loquacities: text 
loquacity: trivial 
loquat: tree 
Lord: human 
lord: human 
Lord: humanized 
lordliness: Pride 
lordly: extravagant 
lords: human 
Lorient: place 
loris: beast 
lorry: LandVehicle 
loser: human 
loss: wealth 
lot: NounUnit 
loth: inactive 
Loti: money 
lotto: fact 
lotus: FlowerGrass 
Lou: surname 
loud: loud 
louden: ize 
Loudi: place 
loudly: loud 
loudspeaker: tool 
Loufan: place 
lough: waters 
Louisiana: place 
Louisianan: human 
Louisianian: human 
Louisville: place 
lour: MakeLower 
louse: InsectWorm 
lousiness: able 
lousy: inferior 
loutish: vulgar 
Louvre: InstitutePlace 
lovable: BestQuality 
loveable: BestQuality 
loveless: impossible 
loveliness: attractive 
lovemaking: fact 
lover: human 
lovers: human 
lovesick: disease 
lovesome: gentle 
lovesong: music 
lovingly: gentle 
low: LowVoice 
lowball: PlayDown 
lowbred: PoorlyBred 
lowest: LessThanNormal 
lowland: land 
lowlife: human 
lowness: low 
lox: food 
loyal: faithful 
loyalism: endeavour 
loyalist: human 
loyalists: human 
loyalize: faithful 
loyally: faithful 
lozenge: image 
LPAIV: bacteria 
LPG: material 
LPN: human 
Lr: part 
LRT: facilities 
LSE: InstitutePlace 
LTD: InstitutePlace 
Luan: surname 
Luancheng: place 
Luanda: place 
Luannan: place 
Luanping: place 
Luanxian: place 
lubber: NotQuick 
lubberly: NotQuick 
Lubbock: place 
lube: material 
lubricant: material 
lubricate: lubricate 
lubrication: lubricate 
lubricator: material 
lubritorium: InstitutePlace 
Lucent: InstitutePlace 
lucerne: FlowerGrass 
luces: Unit 
lucid: lucid 
lucidly: lucid 
lucidness: lucid 
luciferin: material 
luck: Fate 
luckly: happy 
lucky: fortunate 
lucrative: able 
lucre: wealth 
lucubrate: explain 
Lucy: Name 
ludicrously: interesting 
luff: VehicleGo 
luffa: vegetable 
Lufthansa: InstitutePlace 
lug: pull 
lugubrious: sorrowful 
lukewarmly: indifferent 
lukewarmness: indifferent 
Luliang: place 
lull: time 
lulu: human 
lumbago: phenomena 
lumbar: part 
lumber: walk 
lumberyard: facilities 
luminal: part 
luminance: Brightness 
luminary: human 
luminesce: StateChange 
luminescence: StateChange 
luminosity: Brightness 
luminous: bright 
luminously: bright 
luminousness: Brightness 
lump: shape 
lumpectomy: fact 
lumper: human 
lumpfish: fish 
lumpish: NotQuick 
lunar: celestial 
lunate: curved 
lunation: time 
lunch: fact 
luncheon: fact 
lunchtime: time 
lunette: tool 
lung: part 
lunger: human 
Luochuan: place 
Luohe: waters 
Luolong: place 
Luoyang: place 
Luoyuan: place 
lupanar: InstitutePlace 
lupins: FlowerGrass 
lupus: disease 
lurch: walk 
lure: tool 
lurid: able 
lurk: hide 
Lusaka: place 
lusciousness: GoodTaste 
lush: PropertyValue 
Lushan: place 
lushly: exuberant 
lushness: exuberant 
Luson: land 
lustful: lascivious 
lustfully: lascivious 
lustfulness: aspiration 
lustrate: estimate 
lute: material 
lutecium: metal 
luteotropin: physical 
lutetium: metal 
Luwan: place 
lux: Unit 
luxate: wounded 
luxe: luxurious 
Luxembourg: place 
Luxembourgeois: RelatingToCountry 
luxembourger: human 
Luxemburg: place 
Luxemburger: human 
Luxi: place 
luxuriance: exuberant 
luxuriate: indulge 
luxuriously: extravagant 
luxuriousness: rich 
luxuriy: physical 
Luzhou: place 
Lv: surname 
Lvqiu: surname 
Lvshun: place 
lx: Unit 
LXX: cardinal 
LXXX: cardinal 
lymph: part 
lymphadenectomy: fact 
lymphadenitis: disease 
lymphadenoma: disease 
lymphadenopathy: disease 
lymphangiectasia: disease 
lymphangiectasis: disease 
lymphangiography: fact 
lymphangioma: disease 
lymphangitis: disease 
lymphocyte: part 
lymphocytopenia: disease 
lymphocytosis: phenomena 
lymphogranuloma: disease 
lymphoma: disease 
lymphopenia: disease 
lynch: kill 
lynx: beast 
Lyon: place 
Lyons: place 
lyophilisation: dry 
lyophilization: dry 
Lyra: celestial 
lyrebird: bird 
lyrical: ardent 
lyricality: euphonious 
lyrically: ardent 
lysine: chemical 
lysogenisation: ize 
lysogenise: ize 
lysogenization: ize 
lysogenize: ize 
lysol: chemical 
M: cardinal 
m: Unit 
ma: human 
Ma: surname 
Maanshan: place 
MAC: part 
macaber: able 
macabre: able 
macadam: stone 
macadamise: cover 
macadamize: cover 
Macao: place 
macaque: beast 
macaroon: food 
MacArthur: human 
Macau: place 
MacDonalds: InstitutePlace 
Macedon: place 
Macedonia: place 
macerate: soak 
maceration: bony 
mach: Unit 
Macheng: place 
machete: tool 
machiavellian: sly 
machinable: able 
machinast: human 
machinate: plan 
machinator: human 
machine: machine 
machinery: machine 
machining: produce 
machinist: human 
mackerel: fish 
mackintosh: clothing 
Macon: place 
macrencephaly: disease 
macro: text 
macrobiotics: knowledge 
macroclimate: weather 
macrocosm: thing 
macroeconomic: affairs 
macroeconomy: affairs 
macroelement: part 
macrofauna: animal 
macroglossia: disease 
macromolecular: part 
macromolecule: part 
macrophage: part 
macroscopic: AttachmentValue 
macular: phenomena 
maculate: PlayDown 
maculation: Demerit 
macule: phenomena 
Madagascar: place 
madam: human 
madame: human 
madcap: human 
madden: mad 
maddening: mad 
maddeningly: mad 
madder: FlowerGrass 
madding: fierce 
madhouse: InstitutePlace 
Madison: place 
madly: PropertyValue 
madman: human 
madness: emotion 
Madrid: place 
madrigal: music 
madrilene: food 
Maebashi: place 
maelstrom: phenomena 
maestro: human 
MAFF: part 
Maffia: community 
maffia: community 
Mafia: community 
mafia: community 
mag: publications 
magazinist: human 
magcard: document 
Magdeburg: place 
magenta: red 
magically: queer 
magician: human 
magisterially: powerful 
magistracy: human 
magma: stone 
magnanimity: Tolerance 
magnanimously: many 
magnate: human 
magnesia: metal 
magnesian: PropertyValue 
magnesite: stone 
magnesium: metal 
magnetic: Performance 
magnetics: knowledge 
magnetisation: ize 
magnetist: human 
magnetization: ize 
magneto: machine 
magnetoelectric: knowledge 
magnetoencephalography: image 
magnetogasdynamic: knowledge 
magnetohydrodynamic: knowledge 
magnetohydrodynamics: knowledge 
magnetophone: tool 
magnetotherapy: fact 
magnific: magnificent 
magnifico: human 
magnified: enlarge 
magnifier: tool 
magnify: PlayUp 
magniloguence: flighty 
magniloquence: expression 
magniloquent: flighty 
magnolia: FlowerGrass 
magpie: bird 
maguey: FlowerGrass 
Magyar: RelatingToCountry 
Magyarorszag: place 
mahatma: human 
mahjong: tool 
Mahomet: human 
Mahound: human 
maid: human 
maidenhead: part 
maidenhood: time 
maidenlike: gentle 
maidhood: time 
maidservant: human 
Maidstone: place 
maidy: human 
mailbag: tool 
mailman: human 
mailsorter: tool 
mainboard: part 
Maine: place 
Mainer: human 
mainframe: computer 
mainline: spray 
mainly: FuncWord 
mainmast: part 
mains: tool 
mainstream: primary 
maintain: regard 
maintenance: stabilize 
Mainz: place 
maisonette: house 
Maitreya: humanized 
maize: crop 
Maizuru: place 
major: study 
Majorca: place 
majordomo: human 
majorette: human 
majoritarian: human 
majority: Amount 
majuscular: PatternValue 
majuscule: symbol 
make: produce 
makeshift: temporary 
makeup: tool 
makings: Quality 
Malabo: place 
malabsorption: fact 
Malacca: waters 
malachite: inanimate 
maladjusted: BeBad 
maladjustment: BeBad 
maladministration: manage 
maladroit: nimble 
malaise: cosy 
malamute: livestock 
malapropos: unsuitable 
malar: part 
malaria: disease 
Malawi: place 
Malawian: RelatingToCountry 
Malay: place 
Malayalam: language 
Malaysia: place 
maldevelopment: phenomena 
Maldives: place 
Maldivian: RelatingToCountry 
male: male 
Male: place 
male: plant 
maledict: ExpressAgainst 
malediction: ExpressAgainst 
maledictory: ExpressAgainst 
malefaction: fact 
malefactor: human 
malefactors: human 
malefic: fact 
maleficent: disadvantageous 
malemute: livestock 
maleness: Sex 
malevolence: wicked 
malevolent: wicked 
malevolently: wicked 
malformation: disease 
malformed: malformed 
Mali: place 
Malian: RelatingToCountry 
maliciously: wicked 
malignant: impossible 
malignity: wicked 
malison: ExpressAgainst 
mall: InstitutePlace 
mallard: bird 
malleable: able 
mallemuck: bird 
malleolar: part 
malleolus: part 
mallet: tool 
malleus: part 
malnourish: lack 
malnourished: phenomena 
malnourishment: phenomena 
malnutrition: phenomena 
malodorant: Odor 
malodorousness: Odor 
malodourous: stinky 
malodourousness: Odor 
malonylurea: chemical 
malposition: disease 
malpractic: fact 
Malta: place 
maltaste: part 
maltha: material 
maltitol: material 
maltose: food 
maltreat: damage 
maltreater: human 
maltreatment: damage 
malversation: steal 
malware: software 
mamilla: part 
mammal: AnimalHuman 
mammalian: AnimalHuman 
mammalogy: knowledge 
mammary: part 
mammilla: part 
mammon: humanized 
mammonism: thinking 
mammonist: human 
mammonite: human 
mammy: human 
man: human 
Man: surname 
manacle: tool 
manageability: convenient 
manageableness: convenient 
management: manage 
manager: human 
manageress: human 
managerial: manage 
managment: manage 
Managua: place 
Manama: place 
manatee: beast 
manchego: food 
Manchester: place 
Manchurian: place 
Manchus: tribe 
Mandalay: place 
mandatary: Property 
mandator: human 
mandatorily: compulsory 
mandatory: compulsory 
Mandela: human 
mandible: part 
mandibula: part 
mandolin: MusicTool 
mandrill: beast 
manducate: masticate 
mane: part 
maneuverability: Mobility 
manganese: metal 
mange: disease 
manginess: Appearance 
Mangkang: place 
mangonel: machine 
manhandle: damage 
Manhattan: place 
manhole: facilities 
manhood: Age 
manhunt: investigate 
mania: disease 
maniac: human 
manicure: handle 
manicurist: human 
manifest: show 
manifestation: show 
manifestative: lucid 
manifestly: lucid 
manifesto: text 
manikin: tool 
Manila: place 
manioc: liquid 
manioca: liquid 
manipulability: convenient 
manipulator: human 
Manitoba: place 
manless: automatic 
manlike: BehaviorValue 
manliness: resolute 
manly: sturdy 
manned: PerformanceValue 
mannequin: tool 
manner: Posture 
mannerism: Peculiarity 
mannerist: human 
mannerly: polite 
Mannheim: place 
mannitol: material 
mannose: material 
manoeuvrability: Mobility 
manoeuvrable: flexible 
manometer: tool 
manometric: tool 
manor: place 
manostat: tool 
manse: house 
manservant: human 
mansion: house 
manslaughter: kill 
manslayer: human 
manteau: clothing 
mantel: part 
mantelet: clothing 
mantelpiece: part 
mantelshelf: part 
manteltree: part 
mantic: predict 
mantid: InsectWorm 
mantilla: clothing 
mantis: InsectWorm 
mantissa: Amount 
mantlepiece: part 
mantra: expression 
mantrap: human 
manually: artificial 
manufactory: InstitutePlace 
manufacturer: InstitutePlace 
manumit: CauseToDo 
Manzhouli: place 
Mao: surname 
Maoism: system 
Maoist: human 
Maoming: place 
Maori: language 
Maotai: alcohol 
maple: tree 
mapmaking: draw 
mapper: land 
Maputo: place 
mar: damage 
Mar: time 
marabou: bird 
marasmic: bony 
marasmus: bony 
Marathi: language 
marathoner: human 
marauder: human 
marblehearted: wicked 
marbleisation: ize 
marbleise: ize 
marbleization: ize 
marbleize: ize 
marbling: food 
Marbury: place 
marcasite: stone 
marcel: MakeUp 
march: music 
March: time 
marcher: human 
Marching: GoForward 
marchionese: human 
marchpane: food 
marconigram: letter 
mare: livestock 
margarin: food 
margarine: food 
margarite: inanimate 
Margate: place 
marge: food 
marginalia: part 
marginalise: ize 
marginalization: ize 
marginalize: ize 
marginally: unimportant 
marguerite: FlowerGrass 
marigold: FlowerGrass 
marihuana: FlowerGrass 
marijuana: medicine 
marimba: MusicTool 
marinate: cook 
marinated: processed 
mariner: human 
marionette: tool 
marital: fact 
Maritimes: place 
mark: mean 
marked: express 
markedly: lucid 
marker: mark 
market: sell 
marketability: Ability 
marketable: suitable 
marketer: human 
marketing: sell 
marketplace: InstitutePlace 
Markham: place 
markhor: beast 
Markka: money 
markka: money 
markkaa: money 
marksman: human 
marksmanship: method 
marlite: stone 
marmalade: food 
marmatite: stone 
marmite: tool 
marmolite: stone 
marmoreal: stone 
marmoset: beast 
marmot: beast 
maroon: brown 
marquee: tool 
marquis: human 
marquise: human 
marriage: MarryTo 
marriageability: Qualification 
married: married 
marrier: human 
Marriott: InstitutePlace 
marrowy: many 
marry: MarryTo 
mars: celestial 
Marseille: place 
Marseilles: place 
marsh: land 
Marshall: human 
marshall: human 
marshland: land 
marshmallow: food 
marsupium: part 
mart: InstitutePlace 
marten: beast 
martial: affairs 
martian: celestial 
martin: bird 
martingale: tool 
martini: alcohol 
martyrdom: die 
martyrise: die 
martyrize: die 
marvellous: fantastic 
marvellously: fantastic 
marvelous: fantastic 
marvelously: fantastic 
Marxism: knowledge 
Marxist: human 
Mary: humanized 
Maryland: place 
mascara: tool 
mascot: thing 
masculine: PatternValue 
masculinisation: ize 
masculinise: ize 
masculinization: ize 
masculinize: ize 
maser: machine 
Maseru: place 
Mashhad: place 
mask: tool 
masochism: phenomena 
masochist: human 
mason: human 
masonry: fact 
masque: fact 
masquerade: pretend 
mass: fact 
Mass: fact 
Massachusetts: place 
massage: doctor 
masses: human 
masseur: human 
massif: part 
massively: extensive 
massiveness: many 
mast: part 
mastectomy: fact 
master: human 
Master: human 
master: understand 
masterly: refined 
masterstroke: accomplishment 
mastery: Rank 
masthead: part 
mastic: material 
masticable: masticate 
masticate: masticate 
mastication: masticate 
masticator: human 
mastiff: livestock 
mastitis: disease 
mastocarcinoma: disease 
mastodon: physical 
mastoid: FormValue 
mastoiditis: disease 
masturbate: mating 
masturbation: mating 
Masuda: place 
masut: material 
matador: human 
match: tool 
matcha: drinks 
matchable: able 
matchbook: tool 
matchbox: tool 
matcher: InstitutePlace 
matchlessly: unique 
matchstick: part 
material: Standard 
materialisation: fulfil 
materialise: fulfil 
materialism: thinking 
materialist: human 
materiality: Property 
materialization: fulfil 
materialize: fulfil 
materiel: Strength 
maternal: AttachmentValue 
maternally: benevolent 
matey: amiable 
math: knowledge 
mathematical: knowledge 
mathematician: human 
mathematics: knowledge 
maths: knowledge 
matinee: fact 
mating: mating 
matman: human 
matriarch: human 
matriculant: human 
matrilineal: AttachmentValue 
matrimonial: fact 
matron: human 
Matsu: place 
Matsue: place 
Matsumoto: place 
matted: fasten 
matter: thing 
matting: edible 
mattock: tool 
mattoid: human 
mattress: tool 
maturation: ripe 
maturely: ripe 
maturement: ripe 
matureness: Ripeness 
maturing: ripe 
maturity: time 
matutinal: early 
maul: split 
Maupassant: human 
Mauritania: place 
Mauritius: place 
Mauser: weapon 
mausolem: facilities 
mausoleum: facilities 
mauve: purple 
mavelously: fantastic 
mavis: bird 
maw: part 
mawkish: passionate 
mawkishly: trivial 
mawkishness: passionate 
maxi: clothing 
maxilla: part 
maximally: FuncWord 
maximisation: add 
maximization: add 
maximum: extensive 
maxiskirt: clothing 
maxwell: Unit 
may: FuncWord 
May: time 
Maya: place 
Mayan: human 
maybe: FuncWord 
mayfly: InsectWorm 
mayhem: mishap 
mayonnaise: material 
mayor: human 
mayoralty: Occupation 
mayoress: human 
mazarine: blue 
Mazda: LandVehicle 
mazurka: fact 
mazut: material 
mazy: complicated 
MBA: human 
Mbabane: place 
MBD: disease 
mc: Unit 
mcg: Unit 
MCI: fact 
McKinsey: InstitutePlace 
MD: human 
MDMA: drug 
me: human 
mead: alcohol 
meader: curved 
meadowlark: bird 
meagerly: insubstantial 
meagerness: few 
meagre: superficial 
meagrely: insubstantial 
meagreness: few 
mealtime: time 
meander: part 
meandering: curved 
meaning: information 
meaningfully: profound 
meaningfulness: profound 
meaningless: superficial 
meanness: miser 
means: method 
meantime: FuncWord 
measled: ill 
measles: disease 
measurability: able 
measurable: able 
measure: tool 
measured: proper 
measuringworm: InsectWorm 
meatball: food 
meaty: food 
Mecca: place 
mech: automatic 
mechanic: human 
mechanical: stiff 
mechanically: stiff 
mechanics: knowledge 
mechanise: ize 
mechanist: human 
mechanization: ize 
mechanize: ize 
meconic: medicine 
medal: tool 
medalet: tool 
medalist: human 
medallic: tool 
medallion: tool 
Medan: place 
meddle: MakeTrouble 
meddlesome: BehaviorValue 
meddlesomeness: BehaviorValue 
Medea: humanized 
mediacy: Ability 
medial: location 
mediastinum: part 
mediate: mediate 
mediateness: Ability 
mediation: mediate 
mediative: mediate 
mediatize: occupy 
mediatress: human 
medic: human 
medicable: able 
Medicaid: fact 
medical: RoleValue 
medicament: medicine 
Medicare: fact 
medicaster: human 
medicate: doctor 
medicative: medicine 
medicinal: medicine 
medicine: medicine 
medieval: time 
mediocre: unable 
meditate: think 
meditativeness: careful 
meditator: human 
Mediterranean: waters 
medroxalol: medicine 
meds: medicine 
medusa: fish 
Medvedev: human 
meek: gentle 
meekly: gentle 
meekness: docile 
meeting: fact 
mega: cardinal 
megabat: beast 
megabyte: Unit 
megacardia: phenomena 
megacity: place 
megacycle: Unit 
megahertz: Unit 
megalith: stone 
megalocardia: phenomena 
megalomania: disease 
megalomaniac: human 
megaohm: Unit 
megascopic: enlarge 
megaton: Weight 
megawatt: Unit 
megohm: Unit 
megrim: phenomena 
mei: character 
Mei: surname 
Meihekou: place 
Meishan: place 
Meiz: place 
Meizhou: place 
Mekong: waters 
melamine: chemical 
melancholia: disease 
melanian: human 
melanin: part 
melanise: AlterColor 
melanism: disease 
melanize: AlterColor 
melanocyte: part 
melanoderma: disease 
melanoma: disease 
melanophore: part 
melanosis: disease 
melasma: phenomena 
Melbourne: place 
melee: fact 
melinite: material 
meliorate: improve 
meliority: improve 
melliferous: BehaviorValue 
mellifluence: happy 
mellifluous: euphonious 
mellisonant: euphonious 
mellow: TasteStrong 
mellowness: Odor 
melodeon: MusicTool 
melodious: euphonious 
melodiousness: euphonious 
melodise: compile 
melodist: human 
melodize: compile 
melodrama: shows 
melodramatic: shows 
melody: SoundQuality 
melon: fruit 
meltability: Ability 
meltdown: StateChange 
melton: material 
member: human 
membership: system 
membrane: part 
membranous: part 
meme: part 
memento: artifact 
memoir: publications 
memoirs: text 
memorability: able 
memorable: able 
memorialisation: commemorate 
memorialization: commemorate 
memorisation: study 
memorization: study 
memorize: remember 
memory: store 
Memphis: place 
menace: frighten 
menagerie: facilities 
Mencius: human 
mend: repair 
mendacious: fake 
mendacity: fake 
Mende: place 
Mendeleev: human 
mendelevium: metal 
Mendelianism: knowledge 
Mendelism: knowledge 
Mendelssohn: human 
mendicancy: beg 
mendicant: human 
Menelaus: humanized 
Meng: surname 
menial: human 
meningeal: part 
meningioma: disease 
meningitic: disease 
meningitis: disease 
meninx: part 
meniscus: celestial 
menology: tool 
menopausal: phenomena 
menostaxis: disease 
menoxnia: disease 
mensal: FrequencyValue 
menservant: human 
menses: phenomena 
menstrual: phenomena 
menstruate: excrete 
menstruous: phenomena 
mensural: measure 
mensurate: measure 
mensuration: measure 
menswear: clothing 
mental: mental 
mentalist: human 
mentality: mental 
mentally: AttachmentValue 
menthence: chemical 
menthol: chemical 
mention: mention 
mentor: human 
Mentougou: place 
mentum: part 
menu: document 
Menyuan: place 
meow: cry 
meperidine: medicine 
mephenytoin: medicine 
mephistophelean: fierce 
mephitic: stinky 
mephitis: gas 
meprobamate: medicine 
merbromin: medicine 
merbromine: medicine 
mercantile: affairs 
mercantilism: thinking 
mercantilist: human 
mercapto: chemical 
mercaptopurine: medicine 
mercerise: ize 
mercerize: ize 
merchandise: artifact 
merchant: human 
merchantability: Property 
merchantman: ship 
merciful: benevolent 
mercifully: benevolent 
mercifulness: lenient 
merciless: fierce 
mercilessly: fierce 
mercilessness: fierce 
mercurial: metal 
mercurialism: disease 
mercurochrome: medicine 
Mercury: celestial 
mercury: tool 
mere: only 
merely: FuncWord 
meretricious: flighty 
meretriciousness: colored 
mergence: merge 
merger: merge 
meridian: mark 
meridional: mark 
meringue: food 
merit: worth 
meritocracy: system 
meritorious: meritorious 
meritoriousness: Merit 
Merkel: human 
merle: bird 
merlon: facilities 
mermaid: humanized 
merman: humanized 
meronym: expression 
meronymy: Property 
merrily: joyful 
merriment: fact 
merriness: joyful 
MERS: disease 
mesa: land 
mesencephalon: part 
mesenteritis: disease 
mesentery: part 
Meshed: place 
mesial: location 
mesmeric: urge 
mesocarp: part 
mesocephalon: part 
meson: part 
mesoplast: part 
Mesopotamia: place 
mesosphere: part 
mesothelioma: disease 
mesotron: part 
Mesozoic: time 
mess: phenomena 
message: transmit 
messenger: human 
messiah: human 
messily: disorder 
messuage: house 
mestizo: human 
metabolic: metabolize 
metabolise: metabolize 
metabolism: metabolize 
metabolite: physical 
metabolize: metabolize 
metacarpal: part 
metacarpus: part 
metagalactic: celestial 
metagalaxy: celestial 
metal: metal 
metalanguage: language 
metalize: apply 
metallic: metal 
metalliferous: PropertyValue 
metallike: PropertyValue 
metalline: metal 
metallize: apply 
metalloid: PropertyValue 
metallurgical: burn 
metallurgist: human 
metallurgy: knowledge 
metals: metal 
metalworking: fact 
metalworks: InstitutePlace 
metamathematics: knowledge 
metamorphic: FormChange 
metamorphosis: FormChange 
metaphase: part 
metaphor: expression 
metaphorical: expression 
metaphrase: translate 
metaphrastic: translate 
metaphysic: knowledge 
metaphysical: knowledge 
metaphysician: human 
metaphysics: knowledge 
metasequoia: tree 
metasilicate: chemical 
metastasis: disperse 
metastasise: disperse 
metastatic: changeable 
metatarsus: part 
mete: part 
metempiric: human 
metempirics: knowledge 
metencephalic: part 
metencephalon: part 
meteoric: gas 
meteorism: phenomena 
meteorite: stone 
meteoroid: celestial 
meteorological: weather 
meteorologist: human 
meteorology: knowledge 
meter: Unit 
meterage: measure 
meth: medicine 
methadon: medicine 
methadone: medicine 
methafurilene: medicine 
methafurylene: medicine 
methamphetamine: medicine 
methanal: chemical 
methane: chemical 
methanogen: bacteria 
methanol: chemical 
methaphenilene: medicine 
methapyrilene: medicine 
methaqualone: medicine 
metharbital: medicine 
metharbitone: medicine 
metheglin: alcohol 
method: method 
methodic: neat 
methodical: consistent 
methodically: consistent 
methodicalness: Sequence 
methodism: obey 
methodize: neat 
methodological: method 
methyl: chemical 
methylbenzene: chemical 
methylenedioxymethamphetamine: drug 
methylphenidate: medicine 
methyltestosterone: medicine 
METI: part 
Metical: money 
meticulosity: careful 
meticulous: careful 
meticulously: careful 
meticulousness: careful 
metier: Merit 
metonym: fact 
metonymic: information 
metonymical: information 
metonymically: information 
metonymy: information 
metoprolol: medicine 
metre: Unit 
metricate: ize 
metricise: ize 
metricize: ize 
metrify: ize 
metritis: disease 
metrology: knowledge 
metronome: tool 
metropolis: place 
metropolitan: place 
metroptosis: phenomena 
mettle: mental 
mettlesome: sturdy 
mewl: weep 
Mexico: place 
MEXT: part 
mezuzah: publications 
mezzanine: part 
Mg: metal 
mg: Unit 
MGM: InstitutePlace 
MHLW: part 
mho: Unit 
MHz: Unit 
MI: disease 
Mi: surname 
Miami: place 
Mianchi: place 
Mianzhu: place 
Miaoli: place 
miaou: cry 
miaow: sound 
miasma: gas 
mica: inanimate 
micanite: inanimate 
mice: beast 
Michelangelo: human 
Michigan: place 
Michigander: human 
Mickiewicz: human 
mickle: many 
micro: small 
microbalance: tool 
microbe: bacteria 
microbead: shape 
microbiological: bacteria 
microbiology: knowledge 
microbus: LandVehicle 
microcalcification: ize 
microchip: part 
microcircuit: part 
microcirculation: fact 
microclimate: weather 
microclimatology: knowledge 
microcomputer: computer 
microcosmic: small 
microdot: image 
microelectronic: part 
microelectronics: part 
microelement: part 
microfaction: community 
microfiche: part 
microfilm: part 
microform: shrink 
microgauss: Unit 
microgram: Unit 
microgramme: Unit 
micrometer: tool 
micromillimeter: Unit 
micromillimetre: Unit 
micromotor: machine 
micron: Unit 
microorganism: bacteria 
micropaleontology: knowledge 
micropedia: publications 
microphone: tool 
microphotogram: image 
microphotograph: image 
microphotometer: tool 
microphyte: bacteria 
micropolitan: place 
microprocessor: part 
microscope: tool 
microscopic: PropertyValue 
microscopically: CircumstancesValue 
microscopy: knowledge 
microsecond: Unit 
microseism: mishap 
Microsoft: InstitutePlace 
microsurgery: knowledge 
microtome: tool 
microvascular: part 
microwave: shape 
microwaveable: able 
microzyme: bacteria 
micturate: excrete 
micturition: excrete 
midair: location 
midautumn: time 
midbrain: part 
midday: time 
middle: location 
middleman: human 
Middlesbrough: place 
middling: mediocre 
mideast: earth 
midfield: part 
midfielder: human 
midge: InsectWorm 
midheaven: location 
midland: place 
midmorning: time 
midmost: location 
midnight: time 
midpoint: location 
midriff: part 
midsection: part 
midshipman: human 
midships: location 
midst: location 
midstream: location 
midsummer: time 
midterm: part 
midtown: part 
midway: location 
Midway: place 
midwest: location 
Midwest: place 
midwife: human 
midwifery: knowledge 
midwinter: time 
Mie: surname 
mien: Demeanor 
miff: angry 
mightiness: powerful 
migraine: phenomena 
migrant: human 
migrate: SelfMoveInManner 
migrating: changeable 
migrator: human 
migratory: SelfMoveInManner 
Mikado: human 
mike: tool 
milady: human 
Milan: place 
Milano: place 
milden: ize 
mildew: StateChange 
mildness: gentle 
mileage: Distance 
mileometer: tool 
milfoil: FlowerGrass 
miliaria: phenomena 
militarism: system 
militarist: human 
militarization: ize 
militarize: ize 
military: RoleValue 
militate: influence 
militia: human 
militiaman: human 
milk: part 
milkiness: FormValue 
milking: gather 
milkshake: drinks 
milksop: human 
millenary: time 
millennium: time 
millepede: InsectWorm 
millesimal: cardinal 
milliammeter: tool 
milliampere: Unit 
millicron: Unit 
millicurie: Unit 
millidegree: Unit 
millifarad: Unit 
milligram: Unit 
milliliter: Unit 
millilitre: Unit 
millimeter: Unit 
millimetre: Unit 
millimicron: Unit 
milliner: human 
millinery: clothing 
milling: fact 
million: cardinal 
millionaire: human 
millionairess: human 
millions: cardinal 
millionth: ordinal 
milliped: InsectWorm 
millipede: InsectWorm 
millisecond: Unit 
millivoltmeter: tool 
milliwatt: Unit 
millowner: human 
millstones: tool 
milometer: tool 
milord: human 
Milquetoast: human 
Milwaukee: place 
mimeo: print 
mimer: human 
mimesis: imitate 
mimetic: imitate 
mimic: imitate 
mimicry: imitate 
mimosa: FlowerGrass 
mina: bird 
minacious: frighten 
minah: bird 
mincemeat: material 
mind: Wisdom 
mindfully: careful 
mindfulness: careful 
mindless: foolish 
mindlessness: careless 
minefield: place 
minelayer: weapon 
minelaying: put 
miner: human 
mineralogical: knowledge 
mineralogist: human 
mineralogy: knowledge 
minerals: stone 
minerlization: fact 
minestrone: food 
minesweeper: weapon 
Ming: surname 
minginess: miser 
mingle: mix 
Mingxi: place 
Minhang: place 
Minhou: place 
mini: small 
miniature: thing 
minibus: LandVehicle 
minicomputer: computer 
minify: shrink 
minigun: weapon 
minimal: nonextensive 
minimally: nonextensive 
minimisation: subtract 
minimise: subtract 
minimization: subtract 
minimize: subtract 
miniprv: weapon 
miniskirt: clothing 
minister: human 
ministerial: part 
ministry: part 
minisub: weapon 
minitype: small 
minium: chemical 
Minneapolis: place 
Minnesota: place 
Minnesotan: human 
minnow: fish 
Minqing: place 
Minsk: place 
minstrel: human 
minter: human 
minuend: symbol 
minuet: shows 
minus: symbol 
minutely: detailed 
minutia: fact 
minx: human 
Minxian: place 
Miocene: time 
miosis: shrink 
Miquan: place 
mirabilite: chemical 
miracidium: InsectWorm 
miracle: phenomena 
miraculous: queer 
miraculously: queer 
mirage: phenomena 
mire: waters 
mireness: stone 
mirky: blurred 
mirror: tool 
mirth: joyful 
mirthful: joyful 
mirthfulness: joyful 
mirthless: joyful 
miry: soft 
Miryang: place 
misaddress: express 
misadministration: manage 
misadventure: mishap 
misadvise: guide 
misalign: MakeEqual 
misally: ally 
misanthropic: unsatisfied 
misanthropical: unsatisfied 
misanthropy: unsatisfied 
misapply: use 
misapprehend: misunderstand 
misapprehension: result 
misappropriate: steal 
misbecome: fit 
misbehave: IllBehave 
misbehavior: result 
misbehaviour: result 
misbelieve: misunderstand 
miscalculate: estimate 
miscall: naming 
miscarriage: fail 
miscarry: fail 
miscast: appoint 
miscegenate: GetMarried 
miscegenation: GetMarried 
miscellanea: thing 
miscellaneous: mixed 
mischaracterise: alter 
mischaracterize: alter 
mischief: fact 
mischievously: mischievous 
mischievousness: fact 
miscible: able 
misconceive: misunderstand 
misconception: experience 
misconduct: handle 
misconstrue: misunderstand 
miscopying: text 
miscount: count 
miscreant: human 
miscreate: create 
miscue: result 
misdate: express 
misdating: unsuitable 
misdeal: issue 
misdeed: result 
misdeliver: post 
misdemean: IllBehave 
misdemeanor: fact 
misdemeanour: fact 
misdiagnose: diagnose 
misdiagnosis: diagnose 
misdirect: guide 
misdo: do 
miser: human 
miserablly: miserable 
miserably: miserable 
miserliness: miser 
miserly: miser 
misestimate: estimate 
misestimation: estimate 
misfire: fail 
misfit: disobey 
misflatter: err 
misfortune: mishap 
misfortunes: mishap 
misfunction: OutOfOrder 
misgauge: estimate 
misgive: doubt 
misgiving: worried 
misgivings: emotion 
misgovern: manage 
misgovernment: fact 
misguide: guide 
mishadle: handle 
MiShan: place 
mishandle: handle 
mishap: mishap 
mishit: beat 
misidentify: distinguish 
misinform: tell 
misinterpret: alter 
misinterpretation: alter 
misjudge: judge 
misjudgement: judge 
mislay: put 
mislead: guide 
misleadingly: able 
mislike: disgust 
mismatch: mix 
mismate: mix 
misname: naming 
misperceive: misunderstand 
misplace: put 
misplay: WhileAway 
misplead: accuse 
misprize: despise 
mispronounce: MakeSound 
misquote: quote 
misread: misunderstand 
misreckon: estimate 
misreckoning: estimate 
misremember: remember 
misrepresent: alter 
misrepresentation: alter 
misrepresention: alter 
misrule: fact 
misshape: alter 
misshapen: malformed 
misshapenness: disease 
missile: weapon 
missing: disappear 
missionary: human 
Mississauga: place 
Mississippian: human 
missive: letter 
Missourian: human 
misspeka: MakeSound 
misspell: MakeSound 
misspend: use 
misstate: deceive 
misstep: FallDown 
missy: human 
mistaken: wrong 
mistakenly: wrong 
misted: blurred 
Mister: human 
mister: human 
mistflower: FlowerGrass 
mistily: blurred 
mistime: count 
mistimed: unsuitable 
mistiming: unsuitable 
mistiness: blurred 
mistletoe: tree 
mistranslate: translate 
mistreat: damage 
mistreatment: damage 
mistrustful: doubt 
misunderstand: misunderstand 
misunderstanding: result 
misuse: use 
MIT: InstitutePlace 
miter: connect 
mitigable: able 
mitigate: weaken 
mitigation: weaken 
mitigative: weaken 
mitigatory: weaken 
Mito: place 
mitosis: fact 
mitotic: fact 
Mitsukoshi: InstitutePlace 
mitt: SportTool 
mitten: clothing 
mixed: mixed 
mixer: machine 
mixologist: human 
mixture: thing 
Miyako: place 
Miyazaki: place 
Miyun: place 
mizzle: WeatherBad 
MLD: Amount 
MLIT: part 
mm: Unit 
MMA: fact 
Mn: metal 
mnemonic: method 
mnemonical: method 
mnemonics: method 
mnemotechnic: method 
mnemotechnical: method 
MOAB: weapon 
moaner: human 
mob: human 
Mobile: place 
mobilise: urge 
mobility: Mobility 
mobilization: urge 
mobilize: urge 
mobster: human 
mocassin: clothing 
moccasin: clothing 
mocha: drinks 
mock: mock 
mockery: mock 
mockingly: unfriendly 
modality: Behavior 
mode: symbol 
model: tool 
modem: tool 
moder: part 
moderateness: reasonable 
moderationist: human 
moderatism: Behavior 
moderator: medicine 
modernisation: improve 
modernise: ize 
modernistic: community 
modernity: time 
modernization: improve 
modernize: ize 
modernness: time 
moderns: human 
modest: modest 
modestly: modest 
modestness: reasonable 
modesty: modest 
Modi: human 
modicum: few 
modifiable: able 
modificator: human 
modify: describe 
modish: fashionable 
modishly: fashionable 
modiste: human 
modular: part 
modularization: ize 
modularize: ize 
modulator: tool 
module: room 
MOF: part 
Mogadishu: place 
Moha: surname 
mohair: part 
Mohammad: human 
Mohammed: human 
Mohe: place 
Mohism: knowledge 
moil: moisten 
moist: wet 
moisten: moisten 
moistness: wet 
moistureproof: able 
moisturise: moisten 
moisturize: moisten 
mol: Unit 
molarity: Concentration 
molasses: material 
Moldavia: place 
Moldavian: language 
molder: OutOfOrder 
moldiness: StateChange 
Moldova: place 
Moldovan: language 
moldy: StateChange 
molectron: part 
molecular: part 
molecule: part 
molehill: stone 
moleskin: material 
molestation: damage 
molester: human 
moll: human 
mollify: soothe 
mollusc: AnimalHuman 
molluscs: fish 
mollusk: AnimalHuman 
mollycoddle: like 
mollycoddler: human 
molt: replace 
molybdenite: stone 
molybdenum: metal 
mom: human 
Mombasa: place 
momentaneous: TimeShort 
momentarily: prompt 
momentary: TimeShort 
momentous: important 
momentousness: Importance 
Mon: time 
Monacan: human 
Monaco: place 
monad: part 
monarch: human 
monarchal: human 
monarchial: human 
monarchic: human 
monarchical: human 
monarchism: system 
monarchist: human 
monas: part 
monastery: facilities 
monastic: human 
monastical: human 
monatomic: KindValue 
Monday: time 
Monegasque: RelatingToCountry 
moneran: animate 
moneron: animate 
monetarism: thinking 
monetarist: human 
monetary: wealth 
monetisation: ize 
monetise: ize 
monetization: ize 
monetize: ize 
money: wealth 
moneybag: human 
moneyed: wealth 
moneyer: human 
moneylender: human 
moneymaker: human 
moneyman: human 
monger: human 
Mongol: human 
Mongolia: place 
Mongolian: RelatingToCountry 
mongolianism: disease 
Mongolic: language 
mongolism: disease 
mongrelise: ize 
mongrelize: ize 
monies: Amount 
monish: persuade 
monk: human 
monkey: beast 
monkeypox: disease 
monkfish: fish 
monkshood: FlowerGrass 
monmer: chemical 
mono: single 
monoatomic: KindValue 
monobasic: chemical 
monocarboxylic: chemical 
monocarpic: KindValue 
Monoceros: celestial 
monochromacy: disease 
monochromasy: disease 
monochromat: human 
monochromatic: plain 
monochromatism: disease 
monochrome: plain 
monochromia: disease 
monochromic: plain 
monochromous: plain 
monocle: tool 
monoclinic: FormValue 
monoclinous: animate 
monoclonal: PropertyValue 
monocracy: system 
monocrat: human 
monocrystal: inanimate 
monoecism: animate 
monogamousness: system 
monogenesis: fact 
monogenic: part 
monograph: publications 
monogyny: system 
monohybrid: animate 
monohydrate: chemical 
monolatry: emotion 
monolingual: PropertyValue 
monologist: human 
monologue: text 
monologuise: speak 
monologuize: speak 
monoloquise: speak 
monoloquize: speak 
mononitrate: medicine 
mononucleosis: disease 
monophonic: route 
monoploid: part 
monopolisation: control 
monopolise: control 
monopolization: control 
monopoly: sell 
monose: chemical 
monosyllabic: PropertyValue 
monosyllable: part 
monotheism: knowledge 
monotonic: boring 
monotonous: boring 
monotonously: boring 
monotony: boring 
monounsaturated: SituationValue 
monoxide: chemical 
Monroe: place 
Monrovia: place 
monsieur: human 
monsoon: wind 
monsoonal: PropertyValue 
monstera: fruit 
monstrous: queer 
montage: compile 
Montana: place 
Montanan: human 
Montauban: place 
Monterrey: place 
Montevideo: place 
monthlong: TimeLong 
monthly: publications 
Montlucon: place 
Montpelier: place 
Montpellier: place 
Montreal: place 
Montrealer: human 
montyly: FrequencyValue 
monument: facilities 
monumental: facilities 
monumentalise: commemorate 
monumentalize: commemorate 
moo: sound 
moodiness: emotion 
moody: FeelingByBad 
moonbeam: lights 
mooneye: disease 
moonily: absentminded 
moonless: dark 
moonlighting: affairs 
moonlike: FormValue 
moonlit: bright 
moonshine: lights 
moonstone: material 
moonstruck: passionate 
moose: beast 
moot: think 
mop: wipe 
mopboard: part 
mope: FeelingByBad 
moped: LandVehicle 
moppet: human 
moraine: land 
moral: Morality 
morale: Will 
moralise: disseminate 
moralize: disseminate 
moratorium: cease 
morbidly: abnormal 
morbidness: disadvantageous 
morbific: able 
morbilli: disease 
morbilliform: KindValue 
mordant: chemical 
more: more 
morel: AlgaeFungi 
moreover: FuncWord 
morganite: material 
morgue: room 
moribund: BeNear 
Morioka: place 
morn: time 
Morning: expression 
Morocco: place 
moron: human 
Moroni: place 
moronity: frail 
moroseness: eccentric 
morpheme: part 
morphemic: part 
morphia: medicine 
morphine: medicine 
morphologic: knowledge 
morphological: knowledge 
morphologically: PropertyValue 
morphophoneme: part 
morphophonemic: part 
morphophonemics: knowledge 
morrow: time 
Morse: symbol 
mortality: Rate 
mortally: able 
mortgagee: human 
mortgagor: human 
mortifying: modest 
mortise: part 
mortuary: room 
mosaic: material 
Moscow: place 
mosey: walk 
Moslem: human 
mosque: facilities 
mosquito: InsectWorm 
moss: AlgaeFungi 
Mossad: part 
mossy: exist 
mostly: FuncWord 
mote: place 
motel: InstitutePlace 
mothball: tool 
mother: human 
motherboard: part 
motherhood: Attachment 
motherland: place 
motherly: benevolent 
motherwort: FlowerGrass 
motile: human 
motion: text 
motional: AlterLocation 
motionless: SituationValue 
motivate: excite 
motivating: urge 
motivation: purpose 
motivational: purpose 
motivative: urge 
motiveless: rash 
motivity: Strength 
motorbike: LandVehicle 
motorboat: ship 
motorbus: LandVehicle 
motorcade: community 
motorcoach: LandVehicle 
motorcross: fact 
motorcycle: LandVehicle 
motorisation: ize 
motorise: ize 
motorist: human 
motorization: ize 
motorize: ize 
motorized: automatic 
Motorola: InstitutePlace 
motorway: route 
mottle: forming 
mottled: colored 
motto: text 
moulding: produce 
mouldy: StateChange 
Moulins: place 
mountain: land 
mountaineer: human 
mountaineering: fact 
mountainy: place 
Mountbatten: human 
mountebank: human 
mounting: Appearance 
mourn: condole 
mourner: human 
mournful: sorrowful 
mournfulness: emotion 
mourning: fact 
mousetrap: tool 
mousse: tool 
moustache: part 
mouth: part 
mouthwash: medicine 
mouton: food 
movability: Mobility 
movableness: Mobility 
movables: wealth 
moveable: able 
movement: TakeAway 
movie: shows 
moving: able 
movingly: able 
mow: remove 
moxa: tool 
moxibustion: doctor 
moye: Name 
Mozambique: place 
Mozambiquean: RelatingToCountry 
mozzarella: food 
MP: human 
Mr: human 
MRA: fact 
MRAP: weapon 
MRD: publications 
MRE: food 
MRI: fact 
Mrs: human 
MRSA: bacteria 
MRT: facilities 
ms: text 
msec: Unit 
MSF: community 
mSv: Unit 
MT: fact 
MTV: image 
Mu: surname 
much: very 
muciferous: possible 
mucilage: material 
mucilaginous: sticky 
mucin: part 
muckle: many 
mucky: soft 
mucocutaneous: part 
mucopurulent: possible 
mucosa: part 
mucose: part 
mucositis: disease 
mucous: part 
mucus: part 
Mudanjiang: place 
muddiness: dark 
muddle: MakeTrouble 
mudguard: part 
mudle: damage 
mudslide: phenomena 
mudwrestle: FallDown 
Muenchen: place 
muffin: food 
muffle: cover 
muffled: LowVoice 
mufti: human 
mug: tool 
mugful: NounUnit 
mugging: rob 
muggy: hot 
mugwort: FlowerGrass 
Muhammad: human 
Muharram: time 
Mulan: place 
mulct: cheat 
mule: livestock 
mules: clothing 
muliebrity: Behavior 
Muling: place 
mulishly: stubborn 
mull: think 
Mulla: human 
mullet: fish 
multi: many 
multicellular: part 
multicolored: colored 
multicolour: colored 
multicoloured: colored 
multicomponent: various 
multicultural: AttachmentValue 
multidimensional: cubic 
multifaceted: various 
multifactorial: many 
multifariousness: Kind 
multiform: FormValue 
multilateral: RangeValue 
multilevel: many 
multilingual: PropertyValue 
multimillionaire: human 
multinational: international 
multinomial: expression 
multiphase: many 
multiple: various 
multiplex: various 
multiplicand: symbol 
multiplication: reproduce 
multiplicity: Kind 
multipolar: various 
multipolarisation: ize 
multipolarise: ize 
multipolarization: ize 
multipolarize: ize 
multipurpose: RoleValue 
multistory: many 
multitudinous: many 
multivalence: Ability 
multivalency: Ability 
multivalent: PropertyValue 
multivariate: various 
multiversity: InstitutePlace 
multivitamin: medicine 
Mulun: place 
mumble: speak 
mummer: human 
mummify: ize 
munch: masticate 
mundane: place 
mundaneness: Wisdom 
mundanity: Wisdom 
mung: crop 
mungbean: crop 
Munich: place 
municipality: place 
munificent: advantageous 
munition: weapon 
munitioner: human 
munitions: weapon 
muntjac: beast 
mural: image 
murderer: human 
murderess: human 
murderousness: fierce 
murk: dark 
murkily: dark 
murkiness: Quality 
murkness: dark 
murmur: speak 
murmurous: LowVoice 
Murong: surname 
Muroran: place 
murrain: disease 
murray: waters 
murrel: fish 
Muscat: place 
musclebuilder: human 
musclebuilding: fact 
muscleman: human 
muscular: sturdy 
musculus: part 
Muse: humanized 
muse: think 
museology: knowledge 
mush: material 
mushiness: passionate 
mushroom: vegetable 
mushy: passionate 
musical: music 
musicality: SoundQuality 
musicalness: SoundQuality 
musicologist: human 
musicology: knowledge 
musing: think 
musket: weapon 
musketeer: human 
muskiness: Odor 
muskmelon: fruit 
muskrat: beast 
musky: OdorValue 
muslim: human 
Muslim: knowledge 
muss: ize 
mussel: fish 
mussitate: speak 
Mussolini: human 
Mussulman: human 
mussy: disorder 
mustache: part 
mustached: keep 
mustachioed: keep 
muster: ComeTogether 
mustiness: StateChange 
musty: StateChange 
mutability: changeable 
mutable: changeable 
mutableness: changeable 
mutagen: part 
mutagenesis: fact 
mutagenicity: fact 
mutate: change 
mutation: fact 
mutational: fact 
mutative: fact 
mutator: part 
mute: silent 
muteness: BehaviorValue 
mutilate: damage 
mutilation: damage 
Mutsu: place 
mutt: livestock 
mutter: speak 
mutton: food 
mutual: EachOther 
mutualism: Advantage 
mutuality: depend 
mutually: EachOther 
mutualness: depend 
muzzle: tool 
Mx: Unit 
myalgia: phenomena 
myalgic: phenomena 
Myanmar: place 
myasthenia: disease 
myasthenic: disease 
mycelium: part 
mycobacterium: bacteria 
mycologist: human 
mycology: knowledge 
mycomycin: medicine 
mycophagist: human 
mycophagy: fact 
mycoplasma: bacteria 
mydriasis: enlarge 
myelin: part 
myelinisation: ize 
myelinization: ize 
myelitis: disease 
myeloblast: part 
myelocyte: part 
myelofibrosis: disease 
myelogram: image 
myelography: fact 
myeloid: part 
myna: bird 
mynah: bird 
myocardial: part 
myocarditis: disease 
myocardium: part 
myodynia: phenomena 
myoid: FormValue 
myology: knowledge 
myoma: disease 
myopia: disease 
myopic: superficial 
myosis: enlarge 
myriad: various 
myriopod: animal 
myrmecophyte: plant 
myrmecophytic: plant 
Myrmidon: humanized 
myrobalan: fruit 
myself: human 
mysophobia: aspiration 
mysophobic: aspiration 
mystery: problem 
mystification: confuse 
mystifying: covert 
mystifyingly: covert 
myth: text 
mythic: text 
mythicise: ize 
mythicize: ize 
mythologic: text 
mythologisation: ize 
mythologise: ize 
mythologist: human 
mythologization: ize 
mythologize: ize 
mythology: text 
myxomatosis: disease 
myxovirus: bacteria 
NAATO: community 
nab: catch 
nacarat: red 
nacelle: room 
nada: Amount 
nadir: Boundary 
naevi: part 
naevus: part 
Nagano: place 
Nagaoka: place 
Nagasaki: place 
nagger: human 
Nagoya: place 
Nai: surname 
naif: naif 
nailbrush: tool 
nailfile: tool 
Naira: money 
Nairobi: place 
naive: naif 
naively: naif 
naiveness: naif 
naivet: experience 
naivete: naif 
naivety: naif 
nakedness: phenomena 
name: naming 
named: undergo 
namedrop: quote 
nameless: Notwellknown 
namely: FuncWord 
nameplate: mark 
namer: human 
namesake: Name 
Namibia: place 
naming: naming 
nan: tree 
Nanan: place 
Nanao: place 
Nanchang: place 
Nanchong: place 
Nancy: place 
nandina: FlowerGrass 
Nangang: place 
Nanjinglu: place 
Nanling: place 
Nanmen: surname 
nanmu: tree 
Nanning: place 
nanny: human 
nanometer: Unit 
nanometre: Unit 
nanoparticle: part 
Nanping: place 
Nanshi: place 
Nantes: place 
Nantong: place 
Nantou: place 
Nanyang: place 
nap: sleep 
nape: part 
napery: tool 
naphtha: chemical 
naphthalene: chemical 
napkin: tool 
Naples: place 
napoleon: food 
Napoleon: human 
Napoleonic: human 
napping: ready 
nappy: tool 
naprapathy: fact 
Naqu: place 
Nara: place 
narcism: thinking 
narcissism: thinking 
narcissistic: arrogant 
narcissus: FlowerGrass 
narcotic: medicine 
narcotise: damage 
narcotize: damage 
narcotraffic: transport 
nares: part 
naris: part 
nark: tell 
narrate: explain 
narration: text 
narrator: human 
narrowband: facilities 
narrowness: narrow 
NASA: part 
nasal: part 
nasale: speak 
nasalise: MakeSound 
nasalization: sound 
nasalize: MakeSound 
nascence: Source 
Nasdaq: Name 
Nashiro: place 
Nashville: place 
nasopharyngitis: disease 
nasoscope: tool 
nasosinusitis: disease 
Nassau: place 
nastily: able 
nastiness: able 
natal: ComeToWorld 
natality: Rate 
natant: float 
natantly: float 
natation: swim 
natator: human 
natatorium: facilities 
nates: part 
nationalisation: ize 
nationalism: thinking 
nationalist: human 
nationalistic: thinking 
nationality: tribe 
nationally: wholly 
nationwide: wholly 
native: native 
nativeness: Style 
natives: human 
nativism: thinking 
nativist: thinking 
nativistic: thinking 
nativity: ComeToWorld 
Nato: community 
natrium: metal 
natriuresis: fact 
natriuretic: fact 
natruresis: fact 
natter: TalkNonsense 
nattier: blue 
nattierblue: blue 
nattily: tidy 
nattiness: tidy 
natty: tidy 
natural: unaffected 
naturalisation: obtain 
naturalise: obtain 
naturalist: human 
naturalization: obtain 
naturalize: obtain 
naturally: original 
Nature: humanized 
naturopath: human 
naturopathy: fact 
naughtily: mischievous 
naughtiness: fact 
naughty: mischievous 
nausea: ill 
nauseating: able 
nauseatingly: able 
nauseation: ill 
nauseous: able 
nautical: waters 
nautilus: fish 
naval: part 
nave: part 
navel: part 
navicular: part 
navigable: suitable 
navigation: VehicleGo 
navigational: VehicleGo 
navvy: tool 
navy: part 
nay: bill 
naysay: refuse 
naysayer: human 
naze: land 
naziism: system 
nazism: system 
Nb: metal 
NBA: community 
NC: place 
NCI: InstitutePlace 
Nd: metal 
NDA: agreement 
Ndjamena: place 
NDP: community 
neandertal: vulgar 
Neanderthal: human 
neanderthal: vulgar 
Neapolitan: place 
near: near 
nearest: near 
nearly: almost 
nearness: alike 
nearsightedness: disease 
neatly: neat 
neatness: tidy 
neb: part 
Nebraska: place 
Nebraskan: human 
NEC: InstitutePlace 
necessary: thing 
necessitate: need 
necessities: artifact 
necessitous: poor 
necessity: Necessity 
neck: stroke 
neckerchief: tool 
necklace: tool 
necklet: tool 
neckline: part 
necktie: fittings 
necrology: text 
necromancer: human 
necromancy: method 
necromantic: method 
necromantical: method 
necropsy: fact 
necrose: ill 
necrosis: ill 
necrotic: ill 
nectar: excrement 
nectarine: fruit 
nectarous: GoodTaste 
nectary: part 
nee: human 
need: request 
needful: necessary 
neediness: poor 
needle: tool 
needlefish: fish 
needlepoint: tool 
needless: unnecessary 
needlework: fact 
needleworker: human 
needy: poor 
neencephalon: part 
nefariously: unlawful 
negative: tool 
negatively: negative 
negativeness: negative 
negativism: mental 
negatron: part 
neglect: IllTreat 
neglected: enjoy 
neglectful: despise 
neglectfulness: careless 
negligence: despise 
negligent: despise 
negligently: despise 
negligible: unimportant 
negligibly: unimportant 
negociate: discuss 
negotiable: able 
negotiant: human 
negotiation: fact 
negotiator: human 
negress: human 
negro: human 
neighbor: human 
neighborhood: place 
neighborliness: amiable 
neighbour: human 
neighbourhoods: place 
neighbourliness: amiable 
neighbourly: harmonious 
Neihu: place 
Neimenggu: place 
neither: inanimate 
Nekrasov: human 
nematode: bacteria 
nematodiasis: disease 
nemesis: cause 
Nenjiang: place 
neo: new 
neocolonialism: system 
neocortex: part 
neodoxy: knowledge 
neodymium: metal 
neoencephalon: part 
neoliberalism: Behavior 
neolithic: time 
neologism: expression 
neologist: human 
neonatal: human 
neonate: human 
neonicotinoid: chemical 
neopallium: part 
neophyte: human 
neoplasm: disease 
neoplastic: disease 
neoprene: material 
Nepal: place 
nephew: human 
nephoscope: tool 
nephragia: phenomena 
nephrectomy: fact 
nephrite: material 
nephritic: disease 
nephritis: disease 
nephrolith: disease 
nephrolithiasis: disease 
nephroptosia: phenomena 
nephroptosis: phenomena 
nephrotoxic: disease 
nepotism: appoint 
nepotistic: Intimacy 
Neptune: celestial 
neptunium: metal 
nerve: part 
nerveless: stiff 
nervelessness: calm 
nervous: easy 
nervousness: easy 
nervure: part 
nescience: experience 
Nessie: humanized 
nest: place 
Nestle: InstitutePlace 
nestling: bird 
Net: internet 
net: weave 
Netanyahu: human 
nether: next 
Netherlander: human 
Netherlands: place 
nethermost: LessThanNormal 
netherward: beneath 
netherworld: place 
netiquette: regulation 
netizen: human 
netspeak: language 
netting: facilities 
nettle: crop 
nettled: angry 
network: facilities 
networking: facilities 
Neubrandenburg: place 
neural: part 
neuralgia: phenomena 
neurasthenia: disease 
neurectomy: fact 
neuritis: disease 
neuroanatomic: knowledge 
neuroanatomical: knowledge 
neuroanatomy: knowledge 
neurobiological: knowledge 
neurobiologist: human 
neurobiology: knowledge 
neurolinguist: human 
neurolinguistics: knowledge 
neurologic: knowledge 
neurological: knowledge 
neuroma: disease 
neuron: part 
neuronal: part 
neuronic: part 
neuropathist: human 
neuropathy: disease 
neurophysiology: knowledge 
neuropsychiatry: knowledge 
neuropsychology: knowledge 
neurosarcoma: disease 
neuroscience: knowledge 
neurosis: disease 
neurostimulator: tool 
neurosurgeon: human 
neurosurgery: fact 
neurotechnologies: knowledge 
neuroticism: disease 
neuter: Kind 
neutral: place 
neutralisation: damage 
neutralise: restrain 
neutralism: thinking 
neutrality: lenient 
neutralization: damage 
neutralize: restrain 
neutralizer: chemical 
neutramycin: medicine 
neutretto: part 
neutrino: part 
neutron: part 
neutropenia: disease 
Neuwied: place 
Neva: waters 
Nevada: place 
Nevadan: human 
never: never 
Nevers: place 
nevertheless: FuncWord 
nevus: part 
new: new 
Newcastle: place 
newest: new 
Newfoundland: place 
Newfoundlander: human 
newly: recent 
newlywed: human 
newness: Newness 
Newport: place 
newsagent: human 
newsboy: human 
newsbreak: news 
newscast: fact 
newscaster: human 
newsdealer: human 
newsfilm: shows 
newsflash: news 
newsletter: publications 
newsmaker: human 
newsman: human 
newspaper: publications 
newspapering: affairs 
newspaperman: human 
newspaperwoman: human 
newsperson: human 
newsreader: human 
newsreel: shows 
newsroom: institution 
newssheet: publications 
newsvendor: human 
newswire: text 
newswoman: human 
newsworthy: precious 
newswriter: human 
newt: beast 
Newton: human 
newton: Unit 
Newtownabbey: place 
next: recent 
nexus: Pertinence 
NGO: community 
Ngultrum: money 
NH: place 
NHK: institution 
ni: metal 
Ni: surname 
niacin: chemical 
Niamey: place 
Nian: surname 
Nianai: surname 
nibble: bite 
Nicaragua: place 
niccolum: metal 
nicely: polite 
nicety: Abstruseness 
niche: location 
nick: trace 
nickel: money 
nickelodeon: tool 
nicker: cry 
nicknack: inanimate 
Nicosia: place 
nicotian: chemical 
nicotine: chemical 
nicotinism: disease 
nictate: CausePartMove 
nictitate: CausePartMove 
NICU: part 
nidification: build 
nidify: build 
nidiyicate: build 
Nie: surname 
niece: human 
nifedipine: medicine 
niff: Odor 
Niger: place 
Nigeria: place 
Nigerien: RelatingToCountry 
niggard: human 
niggardliness: miser 
niggardly: miser 
niggardness: miser 
niggler: human 
niggling: timid 
nigh: almost 
nighest: near 
nightbird: human 
nightcap: clothing 
nightclothes: clothing 
nightclub: InstitutePlace 
nightduty: affairs 
nighthawk: human 
nightie: clothing 
Nightingale: human 
nightlife: fact 
nightlong: time 
nightly: FrequencyValue 
nightmare: phenomena 
nightngale: bird 
nighttime: time 
nightware: clothing 
nightwear: clothing 
nightwork: fact 
nigrify: AlterColor 
nigritude: black 
nihil: insubstantial 
nihilism: knowledge 
nihilist: human 
nihilistic: thinking 
nihility: insubstantial 
Nihon: place 
Niigata: place 
Nile: waters 
nimblely: nimble 
nimbleness: nimble 
nimbus: CloudMist 
nimiety: many 
nincompoop: human 
nine: cardinal 
niner: cardinal 
nineteen: cardinal 
nineteenth: ordinal 
nineth: ordinal 
nineties: AgeValue 
ninetieth: ordinal 
ninety: cardinal 
Ning: surname 
Ningbo: place 
Ningde: place 
Ningming: place 
Ningwu: place 
Ningxia: place 
Nintendo: InstitutePlace 
niobium: metal 
Niort: place 
nip: break 
nipper: human 
Nippon: place 
Nirvana: place 
Nisan: LandVehicle 
nit: part 
niter: chemical 
nitpick: request 
nitre: chemical 
nitrification: ize 
nitrify: ize 
nitrile: chemical 
nitrite: chemical 
nitro: chemical 
nitrocellulose: material 
nitrocotton: material 
nitrogen: chemical 
nitrogenize: ize 
nitroglycerine: chemical 
Nitrospan: chemical 
Nitrostat: chemical 
Niu: surname 
nix: Amount 
Nixon: human 
NJ: place 
NLP: fact 
NLU: fact 
NMD: facilities 
nobble: TakeAway 
Nobelist: human 
nobelium: chemical 
Nobeoka: place 
nobiliary: noble 
Noble: human 
noble: noble 
nobleness: noble 
nobles: human 
nobody: human 
noctambulation: walk 
noctambulism: walk 
noctambulist: human 
noctuid: InsectWorm 
nocturnal: time 
nocuous: disadvantageous 
nod: CausePartMove 
nodule: disease 
Noel: time 
nohow: FuncWord 
noiseless: silent 
noiselessness: silent 
noisiness: sound 
noisome: stinky 
noisomeness: disadvantageous 
noisy: noisy 
Nokia: InstitutePlace 
noma: disease 
nomad: human 
nomadic: function 
nomenclature: part 
nominalism: thinking 
nominally: fake 
nominate: RegardAs 
nomination: tool 
nominative: Performance 
nominator: human 
nominee: human 
nomology: knowledge 
non: PropertyValue 
nonability: unable 
nonaccomplishment: fulfil 
nonachievement: fulfil 
nonaction: fact 
nonage: child 
nonaligned: ally 
nonalignment: ally 
nonarbitrary: biased 
nonbinding: impossible 
nonchalance: indifferent 
nonchalantly: indifferent 
noncitizen: human 
noncombatant: human 
noncommittally: flexible 
noncompliance: stubborn 
noncompliant: able 
nonconducting: obstruct 
nonconductor: physical 
noncontinuous: interrupted 
noncritical: noncritical 
noncrystal: NaturalThing 
nondescript: queer 
nondeterministic: undergo 
none: thing 
nonentity: human 
nonessential: unimportant 
nonessentials: part 
nonetheless: FuncWord 
nonexempt: necessary 
nonexistent: disappear 
nonflavored: tasteless 
nonfunctional: useless 
Nong: surname 
nongovernmental: AttachmentValue 
noninflammable: impossible 
noninvasive: PerformanceValue 
nonius: part 
nonlethal: unable 
nonlinear: DimensionalityValue 
nonliving: inanimate 
nonluminous: dark 
nonmedicinal: RoleValue 
nonmember: human 
nonmetal: PropertyValue 
nonmetallic: PropertyValue 
nonmilitary: AttachmentValue 
nonnatural: natural 
nonobservance: disobey 
nonpatisanship: fair 
nonperiodic: regular 
nonplus: ignorant 
nonplused: ignorant 
nonplussed: ignorant 
nonprofessional: unable 
nonrationa: natural 
nonresistance: thinking 
nonscheduled: rarely 
nonsense: text 
nonsensical: wrong 
nonsexual: SexValue 
nonsignificant: unimportant 
nonskid: able 
nonspecific: insubstantial 
nonstandard: qualified 
nonstop: continuous 
nonsurgical: knowledge 
nontoxic: atoxic 
nonuniform: discordant 
nonuniformity: discordant 
nonvenomous: atoxic 
nonviable: impossible 
nonviolent: BehaviorValue 
noodles: food 
nook: place 
noon: time 
noonday: time 
noontide: time 
noose: tool 
nor: FuncWord 
noradrenaline: medicine 
Nordic: RelatingToCountry 
norepinephrine: medicine 
Norfolk: place 
normalcy: Normality 
normalisation: ize 
normalise: ize 
normality: Normality 
normalization: ize 
normalize: ize 
normally: often 
Normandie: place 
Normandy: place 
normative: ize 
normothermia: normal 
Norse: human 
Norseman: human 
north: location 
Northampton: place 
northbound: north 
northeast: location 
northeastern: location 
northern: location 
northerner: human 
northernmost: north 
northland: part 
northmost: north 
northward: north 
northwest: location 
northwestern: location 
Norway: place 
Norwegian: RelatingToCountry 
Norwich: place 
nosebleed: phenomena 
nosebleeding: phenomena 
nosecount: fact 
nosepiece: part 
nosewheel: part 
nosology: knowledge 
nostalgia: thought 
nostalgic: ThinkOf 
nostril: part 
nostrum: method 
not: FuncWord 
notability: human 
notable: lucid 
notably: lucid 
notarize: prove 
notary: human 
notation: symbol 
notch: shape 
notched: FormValue 
note: text 
noted: famous 
notepad: account 
notepaper: material 
notetaker: human 
nothing: thing 
notice: text 
noticeability: Obviousness 
noticeable: lucid 
noticeableness: Obviousness 
notifiable: able 
notification: text 
notional: thinking 
notochord: part 
notoriety: infamous 
notorious: infamous 
notoriously: infamous 
Nottingham: place 
notwithstanding: FuncWord 
Nouakchott: place 
nougat: food 
nought: cardinal 
noumenon: physical 
noun: part 
nouriology: knowledge 
nourishing: able 
nourishment: physical 
novelette: text 
novelisation: compile 
novelise: compile 
novelist: human 
novelization: compile 
novelize: compile 
novelty: new 
November: time 
nowaday: time 
nowadays: time 
nowhere: location 
nowise: FuncWord 
nowness: time 
noxiousness: disadvantageous 
nozzle: tool 
Np: metal 
NPAIV: bacteria 
NPC: institution 
NSA: part 
NSAID: medicine 
NT: money 
NTU: InstitutePlace 
nuance: Abstruseness 
nubilous: CircumstancesValue 
nubuck: material 
nucha: part 
nuclearcapable: able 
nuclein: chemical 
nucleon: part 
nucleoprotein: part 
nucleotide: chemical 
nucleus: part 
nude: naked 
nudeness: phenomena 
nudge: touch 
nudity: phenomena 
nuisance: human 
nuke: weapon 
Nukualofa: place 
null: useless 
nullification: abandon 
nullify: remove 
nullity: remove 
number: symbol 
numberless: many 
numbness: phenomena 
numerable: able 
numerate: count 
numeration: count 
numerator: symbol 
numeric: symbol 
numerical: symbol 
numerically: symbol 
numerological: method 
numerologist: human 
numerology: method 
numerosity: many 
numerous: many 
numerousness: many 
numismatics: gather 
numismatist: human 
numismatologist: human 
numismatology: gather 
numskull: human 
nuncio: human 
Nuremberg: place 
Nurhachi: human 
Nurnberg: place 
nursemaid: human 
nursery: InstitutePlace 
nurseryman: human 
nursing: TakeCare 
nurture: ProvideFor 
NUS: InstitutePlace 
nutmeg: fruit 
nutria: beast 
nutriment: physical 
nutrimental: able 
nutritional: Property 
nutritionally: Property 
nutritionary: Property 
nutritionist: human 
nutritious: able 
nutritiousness: able 
nutritive: physical 
nutritiveness: able 
nutshell: part 
nuzzle: HoldInArm 
NY: place 
nyctalopia: disease 
nyctimene: beast 
nycturia: phenomena 
NYE: time 
nylon: material 
nymph: InsectWorm 
nympho: human 
nymphomania: human 
nymphomaniac: human 
nymphomaniacal: human 
NYSE: InstitutePlace 
nysfungin: medicine 
OA: fact 
oafish: vulgar 
oafishness: NotQuick 
oak: tree 
oaken: tree 
Oakland: place 
oar: part 
oarlock: part 
oarsman: human 
oarswoman: human 
oasis: land 
oat: crop 
oaten: crop 
oatmeal: food 
Obama: human 
Obamacare: affairs 
obduracy: resolute 
obdurate: wicked 
obdurately: stubborn 
obedience: obey 
obedient: docile 
obediently: docile 
obeisance: emotion 
obese: fat 
obey: obey 
obfuscate: ize 
obfuscation: ize 
obit: text 
obituarist: human 
obituary: text 
object: thing 
objectification: ize 
objection: thought 
objectionable: able 
objectionableness: able 
objectionably: able 
objectional: able 
objective: purpose 
objectively: fair 
objectivism: thinking 
objectivity: Fairness 
objurgate: ExpressAgainst 
objurgation: ExpressAgainst 
objurgatory: ExpressAgainst 
oblast: place 
oblate: round 
oblation: tool 
obligate: force 
obligation: duty 
obligatorily: compulsory 
obligatory: compulsory 
oblige: force 
obliger: human 
obliging: proper 
obligingly: proper 
obligingness: docile 
obligor: human 
obliqueness: Slope 
obliquity: Slope 
obliterate: remove 
obliteration: remove 
oblivion: forget 
obliviousness: forget 
oblong: round 
obloquy: phenomena 
OBM: InstitutePlace 
obnoxious: able 
obnoxiously: able 
obnoxiousness: able 
obnubilate: ize 
oboe: MusicTool 
oboist: human 
obscene: lascivious 
obscenely: lascivious 
obscenities: text 
obscenity: lascivious 
obscurant: knowledge 
obscurantism: regulation 
obscuration: cover 
obscureness: vague 
obscurity: vague 
obsecration: request 
obsequial: fact 
obsequies: fact 
obsequious: despicable 
obsequiously: docile 
obsequiousness: Behavior 
observable: able 
observation: obey 
observational: PerformanceValue 
observatory: InstitutePlace 
observe: obey 
observer: human 
obsess: Attitude 
obsession: Attitude 
obsessional: Attitude 
obsessive: Attitude 
obsessiveness: compulsory 
obsessivity: compulsory 
obsidian: material 
obsolescent: unfashionable 
obsolete: unfashionable 
obsoleteness: unfashionable 
obsoletism: abandon 
obstetric: knowledge 
obstetrician: human 
obstetrics: knowledge 
obstinance: Obstinacy 
obstinate: stubborn 
obstinately: stubborn 
obstreperous: bustling 
obstreperousness: bustling 
obstruct: obstruct 
obstruction: thing 
obstuct: obstruct 
obtain: obtain 
obtainable: able 
obtainment: obtain 
obtention: obtain 
obtest: request 
obtestation: request 
obtrude: SqueezeOut 
obturate: BlockUp 
obturation: shut 
obtuse: NotQuick 
obtusely: NotQuick 
obtuseness: NotQuick 
obverse: InFront 
obviate: remove 
obviation: restrain 
obvious: lucid 
occasion: time 
occasionalism: knowledge 
occasionalist: human 
occasionality: Frequency 
occasionally: rarely 
occational: rarely 
occationally: rarely 
occident: location 
occidental: SourceValue 
occidentalise: ize 
occidentalize: ize 
occiput: part 
Occitan: language 
occlude: BlockUp 
occlusion: BlockUp 
occular: part 
occultation: hide 
occupancy: Rate 
occupant: human 
occupational: permanent 
occupationist: human 
occupier: human 
occur: happen 
ocean: waters 
oceanaut: human 
Oceania: earth 
oceanic: waters 
Oceanica: earth 
oceanographer: human 
oceanographic: knowledge 
oceanography: knowledge 
oceanology: knowledge 
oceanophilous: AttachmentValue 
ocellus: trace 
ochre: stone 
octad: cardinal 
octave: SoundQuality 
octet: fact 
octette: fact 
October: time 
octogenarian: aged 
octonal: system 
octonary: cardinal 
octopus: fish 
octyl: chemical 
oculist: human 
odalisque: human 
odd: single 
oddish: queer 
oddment: treasure 
oddments: inanimate 
oddness: queer 
Odesa: place 
Odessa: place 
odeum: InstitutePlace 
odiousness: able 
odium: hate 
ODM: InstitutePlace 
odocoileus: beast 
odograph: tool 
odometer: tool 
odor: Odor 
odorise: spread 
odorize: spread 
odour: Odor 
odourise: spread 
odourize: spread 
Odysseus: humanized 
oedema: disease 
oedematous: disease 
Oedipus: humanized 
OEM: InstitutePlace 
oenologist: human 
oenology: knowledge 
oestradiol: physical 
oestriol: physical 
oestrogen: physical 
oestrone: physical 
oestrus: time 
of: FuncWord 
Ofenbach: place 
off: inferior 
Offenburg: place 
offence: offend 
offending: disobey 
offensiveness: able 
office: room 
officeholder: human 
officer: human 
officialdom: community 
officialese: expression 
officially: formal 
officiate: conduct 
officious: able 
officiousness: able 
offing: location 
offish: unsociable 
offline: PerformanceValue 
offload: unload 
offshore: waters 
offside: BeBeyond 
offspring: result 
offstage: covert 
often: often 
oftenness: Frequency 
OG: fact 
Ogden: place 
ogdoad: cardinal 
ogival: part 
ogre: humanized 
ogreish: humanized 
ogress: humanized 
ogygian: past 
OH: place 
Oh: sound 
Ohio: place 
Ohioan: human 
ohm: Unit 
ohmic: obstruct 
OIE: part 
oilcan: tool 
oilcloth: material 
oildom: InstitutePlace 
oilfield: InstitutePlace 
oiliness: Property 
oilman: human 
oilpaper: material 
oilsand: place 
oilseed: part 
oilskin: material 
oilstone: tool 
oilstove: tool 
oilway: part 
oily: PoorTaste 
Oita: place 
OK: expression 
ok: FuncWord 
okay: expression 
Okayama: place 
Okazaki: place 
Okeechobee: waters 
Okhotsk: waters 
Okinawa: place 
Oklahoma: place 
okonomiyaki: food 
okra: fruit 
Oldenburg: place 
older: AgeOlder 
oldie: music 
oldish: used 
oldness: time 
oldster: human 
oleander: FlowerGrass 
oleandomycin: medicine 
oleaster: tree 
oleo: food 
oleomargarin: food 
oleomargarine: food 
olfaction: experience 
olfactory: experience 
olibanum: material 
olid: NotQuick 
oligarch: human 
oligarchy: system 
oligosaccharide: chemical 
olivaceous: green 
olivine: stone 
Olunchuns: tribe 
Olympia: place 
Olympiad: fact 
Olympic: fact 
Olympics: fact 
Omaha: place 
Oman: place 
omani: human 
Omani: RelatingToCountry 
ombrophile: plant 
ombudsman: human 
Omei: land 
omelette: food 
ominously: wicked 
omissible: possible 
omission: forget 
omissive: forget 
omnifarious: various 
omnipresent: extensive 
omniscient: erudite 
omnivorous: HabitValue 
omphalocele: disease 
omphalos: part 
omphalus: part 
onager: machine 
onboard: FuncWord 
oncogene: part 
oncologist: human 
oncology: knowledge 
oncomelania: fish 
oneness: thing 
onerous: effortful 
ones: thing 
onesies: clothing 
onetime: past 
onfall: attack 
ONFH: disease 
ongoing: SituationValue 
online: PerformanceValue 
onload: load 
onlooker: human 
only: single 
onomastics: knowledge 
onomatopoeia: method 
onomatopoeic: method 
onomatopoesis: method 
onomatopoetic: method 
onrush: attack 
onrushing: flourishing 
onshore: location 
onslaught: attack 
ontologic: knowledge 
ontological: knowledge 
onus: duty 
onward: InFront 
onwards: InFront 
onychia: disease 
onychomycosis: disease 
onychophoran: InsectWorm 
onymous: true 
onyx: inanimate 
ooh: MakeSound 
oolong: material 
oomph: Life 
oophorectomy: fact 
ooze: stone 
opal: material 
opaquely: vague 
opaqueness: blurred 
OPEC: community 
open: overt 
openable: able 
opencast: InstitutePlace 
opencut: InstitutePlace 
openhanded: generous 
openhandedness: generous 
openhearted: frank 
opening: part 
openly: overt 
opera: shows 
operable: able 
operatic: shows 
operation: function 
operationally: fight 
operatively: RoleValue 
operator: InstitutePlace 
operculum: part 
operetta: shows 
operoseness: Effortfulness 
ophthalmia: disease 
ophthalmitis: disease 
ophthalmologist: human 
ophthalmology: knowledge 
ophthalmoscope: tool 
opiate: weaken 
opine: regard 
opinion: thought 
opinionated: regard 
opinionative: regard 
opisthotonos: phenomena 
opium: medicine 
opiumize: CauseToDo 
opossum: beast 
opponent: human 
opportunism: thinking 
opportunist: human 
opportunity: Possibility 
opposable: able 
oppose: oppose 
opposer: human 
oppositely: backward 
oppositional: oppose 
oppositionist: human 
oppressed: upset 
oppression: restrain 
oppressive: stuffy 
oppressively: fierce 
oppressor: human 
opprobrious: disgraced 
oppugn: refute 
oppugner: human 
opsin: chemical 
opsonisation: ize 
opsonise: ize 
opsonization: ize 
opsonize: ize 
opt: choose 
optacon: tool 
optative: Property 
optic: knowledge 
optical: knowledge 
optically: knowledge 
optician: human 
opticist: human 
optics: knowledge 
optimal: BestQuality 
optimally: BestQuality 
optimise: MakeBetter 
optimism: emotion 
optimist: human 
optimistic: optimistic 
optimistically: optimistic 
optimization: MakeBetter 
optimize: MakeBetter 
optimum: BestQuality 
option: rights 
optional: PropertyValue 
optoeletronics: knowledge 
optometric: check 
optometrist: human 
optometry: check 
opulence: rich 
opulent: rich 
opulently: rich 
oracle: text 
oracular: predict 
oral: part 
orally: FormValue 
orangeade: drinks 
orangutan: beast 
oration: text 
oratorio: shows 
oratory: text 
oratress: human 
orb: shape 
orbicular: round 
orbicularity: Unit 
orbital: route 
orc: beast 
orca: beast 
orchard: InstitutePlace 
orchestrate: plan 
orchestration: perform 
orchidectomy: fact 
orchiectomy: fact 
ordain: announce 
ordeal: exam 
order: text 
orderer: human 
ordinance: law 
ordinarily: ordinary 
ordinariness: Ordinariness 
ordinate: symbol 
ordnance: weapon 
ordure: excrement 
ore: stone 
Oregon: place 
Oregonian: human 
Orestes: humanized 
organdie: material 
organdy: material 
organisation: organization 
organise: establish 
organiser: human 
organist: human 
organizable: able 
organizational: organization 
organizationally: collective 
organize: establish 
organizedly: collective 
organizer: human 
orgasm: process 
orgiastic: joyful 
orgulous: arrogant 
orgy: fact 
orient: decide 
oriental: SourceValue 
orientalise: ize 
orientalize: ize 
orientate: decide 
orientation: Prospect 
original: text 
originative: creative 
origine: Source 
oriole: bird 
Orion: celestial 
Oriya: language 
Orlando: place 
Orleans: place 
ornament: tool 
ornamental: tool 
ornaments: tool 
ornate: fantastic 
ornery: BadTemper 
ornithologist: human 
ornithology: knowledge 
orology: knowledge 
orometer: tool 
orometry: fact 
Oromo: language 
Oroqens: tribe 
orotund: flighty 
orphan: human 
orphanage: InstitutePlace 
orpiment: stone 
orthodontia: knowledge 
orthodontics: knowledge 
orthodox: orthodox 
orthoepy: Pattern 
orthogonal: image 
orthograph: image 
orthography: Pattern 
orthopaedic: knowledge 
orthopaedics: knowledge 
orthopantomogram: fact 
orthopedic: knowledge 
orthopedical: knowledge 
orthopedics: knowledge 
orthopedist: human 
ortolan: bird 
oryzanol: medicine 
Os: metal 
Osaka: place 
osazone: chemical 
oscillate: change 
oscillation: change 
oscillator: part 
oscillatory: wave 
oscillograph: tool 
oscilloscope: tool 
oscitancy: indifferent 
osculate: ShowLove 
osculator: human 
oshinko: food 
osiris: humanized 
Oslo: place 
osmium: metal 
osmose: influence 
osmosis: soak 
osmotic: soak 
osprey: bird 
ossein: part 
ossification: Conventionality 
ossify: ize 
osteitis: disease 
ostensible: overt 
ostensibly: FuncWord 
ostensive: shallow 
ostentate: ShowOff 
ostentation: ShowOff 
ostentatious: flighty 
ostentatiously: flighty 
osteoarthritis: disease 
osteocyte: part 
osteodystrophy: phenomena 
osteologer: human 
osteologist: human 
osteology: knowledge 
osteoma: disease 
osteomyelitis: disease 
osteon: Unit 
osteonecrosis: disease 
osteopath: human 
osteopathist: human 
osteopathy: fact 
osteoporoliferation: disease 
osteoporosis: disease 
osteoporotic: disease 
osteosarcoma: disease 
ostler: human 
ostracise: discharge 
ostracism: discharge 
ostracize: discharge 
ostrich: bird 
ostrichism: regulation 
OT: publications 
otalgia: phenomena 
Otaru: place 
Othello: human 
other: other 
otherness: Peculiarity 
others: human 
otherworld: Living 
otitis: disease 
otolaryngologist: human 
otolaryngology: knowledge 
otologist: human 
otology: knowledge 
otophone: tool 
otopolypus: part 
OTSB: firing 
Ottawa: place 
otter: beast 
ottoman: furniture 
Ottoman: human 
Ou: surname 
Ouachita: waters 
Ouagadougou: place 
oubliette: InstitutePlace 
ouch: FuncWord 
ought: FuncWord 
ounce: Unit 
our: human 
ours: human 
ourselves: human 
ouster: dismiss 
out: FuncWord 
outage: fact 
outargue: refute 
outbalance: surpass 
outbid: propose 
outboard: location 
outbound: leave 
outbreak: happen 
outbreed: mating 
outburst: happen 
outcast: unnecessary 
outcaste: human 
outclass: surpass 
outcome: result 
outcomer: human 
outdate: unfashionable 
outdistance: surpass 
outdo: surpass 
outdoor: location 
outdoors: location 
outdoorsman: human 
outdoorswoman: human 
outer: location 
outerwear: clothing 
outface: despise 
outfall: part 
outfield: facilities 
outfielder: human 
outfight: defeat 
outfit: implement 
outfitter: InstitutePlace 
outfox: defeat 
outgeneral: fight 
outgo: surpass 
outgrow: CauseToGrow 
outguess: guess 
outing: tour 
outlander: human 
outlandish: queer 
outlandishness: queer 
outlaw: prohibit 
outlawed: unlawful 
outlawry: unlawful 
outlying: far 
outman: surpass 
outmaneuver: defeat 
outmaneuvre: defeat 
outmanoeuvre: defeat 
outmarch: GoForward 
outmatch: surpass 
outmigrant: SelfMove 
outmode: ize 
outmoded: unfashionable 
outnumber: surpass 
outpatient: human 
outperform: surpass 
outplay: defeat 
outpoint: defeat 
outport: facilities 
outpost: human 
output: transmit 
outrage: MakeBad 
outrageous: NotSensible 
outrageously: fierce 
outrageousness: over 
outrange: surpass 
outrank: surpass 
outre: queer 
outrider: human 
outright: pure 
outrival: surpass 
outrun: surpass 
outscore: defeat 
outset: time 
outshine: ize 
outshoot: FormChange 
outsider: human 
outskirt: part 
outskirts: part 
outsmart: defeat 
outsole: part 
outsource: MakeAppointment 
outspan: dismantle 
outspoken: frank 
outspokenness: frank 
outstand: FormChange 
outstare: despise 
outstretch: CausePartMove 
outstrip: surpass 
outtake: facilities 
outthink: defeat 
outwardly: external 
outwardness: location 
outwards: external 
outweigh: surpass 
outwit: defeat 
Ouyang: surname 
ouzel: bird 
ouzo: alcohol 
ova: part 
oval: round 
ovarian: part 
ovariectomy: fact 
ovaritis: disease 
ovenbake: cook 
ovenbird: bird 
overabundance: many 
overachieve: surpass 
overachievement: accomplishment 
overact: perform 
overactive: active 
overage: AgeValue 
overaged: AgeValue 
overall: wholly 
overalls: clothing 
overbalance: surpass 
overbear: defeat 
overbearingly: autocratic 
overbearingness: autocratic 
overblow: exhale 
overblown: boast 
overboil: cook 
overbold: rash 
overbook: buy 
overbridge: route 
overbrim: spill 
overbuild: build 
overburden: load 
overcall: propose 
overcapitalisation: estimate 
overcapitalise: estimate 
overcapitalization: estimate 
overcapitalize: estimate 
overclothe: PutOn 
overclothes: clothing 
overcloud: WeatherBad 
overcoat: clothing 
overcome: defeat 
overcompensate: amend 
overconfidence: arrogant 
overconfident: arrogant 
overconsumption: fact 
overcook: cook 
overcredulity: believe 
overcredulous: easy 
overcritical: difficult 
overcrop: engage 
overcrossing: route 
overcrowd: crowded 
overcrowded: crowded 
overcultivate: engage 
overdo: over 
overdone: tough 
overdose: doctor 
overdraft: collect 
overdramatise: boast 
overdramatize: boast 
overdraw: collect 
overdress: PutOn 
overdrive: use 
overeat: eat 
overelaborate: trivial 
overemotional: passionate 
overemphasis: emphasize 
overemphasise: emphasize 
overemphasize: emphasize 
overestimate: estimate 
overestimation: estimate 
overexcited: excited 
overexert: use 
overexertion: fact 
overexploit: use 
overexploitation: use 
overexpose: exposure 
overexposed: exposure 
overexposure: exposure 
overextract: gather 
overextraction: gather 
overfatigue: ize 
overfill: fill 
overflow: spill 
overfly: cross 
overfreight: load 
overfufil: fulfil 
overfulfil: fulfil 
overfulfilment: fulfil 
overfull: many 
overgeneralise: ize 
overgeneralize: ize 
overgorge: eat 
overgreedy: acquisitive 
overgrow: grow 
overhang: hang 
overhead: tool 
overhear: listen 
overheated: over 
overindulgence: indulge 
overjoy: MakeHappy 
overjoyed: joyful 
overknee: LengthValue 
overlapping: BeAcross 
overleap: cross 
overlie: LieDown 
overloading: Amount 
overly: over 
overmaster: defeat 
overmatch: defeated 
overmuch: many 
overmuchness: many 
overnighter: tool 
overnutrition: phenomena 
overoptimistic: optimistic 
overpay: pay 
overpeopled: dense 
overplus: many 
overpopulate: dense 
overpopulation: dense 
overpower: surpass 
overpowering: strong 
overpoweringly: strong 
overpraise: praise 
overprice: propose 
overproduce: produce 
overproduction: produce 
overprotect: protect 
overrate: estimate 
overreact: respond 
overreaction: respond 
overrefine: MakeBetter 
override: surpass 
overriding: able 
overrule: reject 
overrun: spill 
oversee: supervise 
oversell: sell 
oversensitive: easy 
oversensitiveness: disease 
overset: defeat 
oversew: fasten 
overshadow: AlterBrightness 
overshoes: clothing 
overshoot: firing 
oversimplification: handle 
oversimplified: superficial 
oversimplify: handle 
overskirt: clothing 
oversleep: sleep 
oversleeve: fittings 
overspecialise: ize 
overspecialize: ize 
overspend: spend 
overspill: spill 
overspread: cover 
overstaff: surplus 
overstaffed: big 
overstatement: boast 
overstay: stay 
overstep: cross 
overstock: surplus 
overstrain: tired 
overstress: emphasize 
overstretch: pull 
overstuff: fill 
oversuspicious: easy 
overt: overt 
overthrowal: deny 
overtime: due 
overtire: ize 
overtired: tired 
overtly: overt 
overtone: sound 
overtop: be 
overtreatment: doctor 
overtune: part 
overtures: text 
overturn: reverse 
overuse: use 
overutilisation: use 
overutilization: use 
overvaluate: calculate 
overvaluation: calculate 
overvalue: estimate 
overvoltage: Strength 
overweary: ize 
overweening: arrogant 
overweeningly: arrogant 
overweight: heavy 
overwhelming: strong 
overwhelmingly: strong 
overwind: tighten 
overworked: tired 
overworking: affairs 
overwrite: write 
overwrought: BeUnable 
oviduct: part 
ovulate: excrete 
ovulation: excrete 
ovule: part 
ovum: part 
owe: owe 
owl: bird 
owlet: bird 
owner: human 
oxalate: chemical 
oxbow: tool 
oxcart: LandVehicle 
oxen: livestock 
oxidase: part 
oxidate: ize 
oxidation: ize 
oxidative: ize 
oxide: chemical 
oxidise: ize 
oxidizable: able 
oxidization: ize 
oxidize: ize 
oxidizer: chemical 
oxime: chemical 
oxlip: FlowerGrass 
oxtail: part 
oxtongue: FlowerGrass 
oxyacetylene: chemical 
oxyacid: chemical 
oxygen: chemical 
oxygenate: ize 
oxygenise: ize 
oxygenize: ize 
oxyopia: clever 
oxyphenbutazone: medicine 
oxysalt: chemical 
oxytetracycline: medicine 
oxytocic: able 
oxytocin: chemical 
oxytone: expression 
oyer: wait 
oyster: fish 
oysterfish: fish 
oz: Unit 
Ozeki: human 
ozone: gas 
ozonize: ize 
ozonosphere: gas 
pa: human 
Pa: metal 
pabulum: knowledge 
pacesetter: human 
pachinko: fact 
pacific: peaceful 
Pacific: waters 
pacifically: peaceful 
pacificator: human 
pacificatory: reconcile 
pacifier: human 
pacifisim: thinking 
pacifism: thinking 
pacifist: human 
pacifistic: thinking 
pacify: soothe 
package: wrap 
packhouse: facilities 
packing: tool 
packinghouse: InstitutePlace 
packman: human 
packsack: tool 
packsaddle: tool 
packthread: tool 
pact: agreement 
PADAM: disease 
padauk: wood 
padding: material 
paddle: walk 
paddler: ship 
paddlewheel: part 
paean: music 
paederast: human 
paederasty: fact 
paediatric: knowledge 
paediatrician: human 
paediatrics: knowledge 
paedophile: human 
paedophilia: aspiration 
paerl: shape 
pagandom: human 
paganise: ize 
paganism: community 
paganize: ize 
page: part 
pageantry: fact 
pager: tool 
paginate: naming 
pagination: Number 
paging: Number 
pagoda: facilities 
pah: sound 
PAHs: chemical 
pail: tool 
pailful: NounUnit 
pain: painful 
pained: sorrowful 
painfully: miserable 
painkiller: medicine 
painless: PropertyValue 
painstaking: effortful 
painstakingness: careful 
paint: material 
painter: human 
painterly: knowledge 
painting: image 
pair: NounUnit 
pairing: mating 
paity: human 
pajamas: clothing 
Pakistan: place 
paladin: human 
palaeoanthropology: knowledge 
palaeobiology: knowledge 
palaeobotany: knowledge 
palaeoclimatology: knowledge 
palaeoethnography: knowledge 
palaeogeography: knowledge 
palaeogeology: knowledge 
palaeography: knowledge 
palaeoichthyology: knowledge 
palaeology: knowledge 
palaeontologist: human 
palaeontology: knowledge 
palaeopathology: knowledge 
palaeornithology: knowledge 
palaeozoology: knowledge 
palanquin: tool 
palatable: GoodTaste 
palatal: sound 
palate: part 
palatial: magnificent 
palatine: part 
paleblue: blue 
paleface: human 
paleoanthropology: knowledge 
paleobiology: knowledge 
paleobotany: knowledge 
Paleocene: time 
paleoclimatology: knowledge 
paleogeography: knowledge 
paleogeology: knowledge 
paleography: knowledge 
paleolithic: time 
paleology: knowledge 
paleomammalogy: knowledge 
paleontologist: human 
paleontology: knowledge 
paleopathology: knowledge 
paleornithology: knowledge 
paleozoology: knowledge 
palepurple: purple 
Palestine: place 
palette: tool 
palimony: expenditure 
paling: part 
palladium: metal 
pallet: tool 
palliate: weaken 
palliation: weaken 
pallid: grey 
pallidity: grey 
pallidness: grey 
pallium: part 
pallor: grey 
pally: amiable 
palmar: part 
palmary: fantastic 
palmate: FormValue 
palmist: human 
palmitin: chemical 
palmy: flourishing 
palmyra: tree 
palpability: Palpability 
palpate: diagnose 
palpitant: shiver 
palpitate: shiver 
palpus: part 
pals: human 
palsate: shiver 
palsy: paralyse 
palter: speak 
paltry: unimportant 
paludal: land 
paludism: disease 
Pamirs: place 
pampered: flighty 
pamperer: human 
pamphlet: publications 
pamphleteer: human 
pamplemousse: fruit 
Pan: surname 
pan: tool 
panacea: medicine 
Panama: place 
Panasonic: InstitutePlace 
panatela: tobacoo 
pancake: food 
panchromatic: ColorValue 
pancreatic: part 
pancreatitis: disease 
panda: beast 
pandar: human 
pandemonium: phenomena 
panderer: human 
Pandora: tool 
panegyric: text 
panegyrical: text 
panegyrize: praise 
panelist: human 
panetela: tobacoo 
panetella: tobacoo 
panflute: MusicTool 
pang: experience 
Pang: surname 
pangolin: beast 
panhandle: part 
panicked: fear 
panicky: fear 
Panjin: place 
panne: material 
panorama: Scene 
panoramic: complete 
pantheism: knowledge 
pantheist: human 
panther: beast 
pantie: clothing 
panties: clothing 
pantomime: shows 
pantomimer: human 
pantomimist: human 
pantoscopic: FormValue 
pantryman: human 
pants: clothing 
panty: clothing 
pantywaist: human 
Panxi: place 
Panxian: place 
Panyu: place 
panzer: weapon 
Panzhihua: place 
papa: human 
papal: human 
papalist: human 
papaya: fruit 
PAPD: phenomena 
paperbacked: paperback 
paperboy: human 
paperclip: tool 
paperhanger: human 
paperknife: tool 
papermaker: human 
paperweight: tool 
paperwork: affairs 
papilla: part 
papillary: FormValue 
papilloma: disease 
papovavirus: bacteria 
Papua: place 
papule: phenomena 
papulosquamous: disease 
par: Price 
parable: text 
parabola: shape 
paraboloid: shape 
paracentesis: fact 
paracetamol: medicine 
parachute: tool 
parade: walk 
parader: human 
paradigm: example 
paradigmatic: example 
paradise: place 
paradox: regulation 
paradoxical: wrong 
paradoxically: wrong 
paradrop: drop 
paraesthesia: phenomena 
paraffin: material 
paraffine: material 
paragon: human 
paragonite: inanimate 
paragraph: part 
paragrapher: human 
paragraphist: human 
Paraguay: place 
parakeet: bird 
paralegal: human 
parallax: phenomena 
parallelize: ize 
parallelogram: image 
Paralympic: fact 
paralysation: paralyse 
paralyse: paralyse 
paralysis: paralyse 
paralyze: paralyse 
Paramaribo: place 
paramecium: AnimalHuman 
paramedic: human 
paramedical: human 
parameter: symbol 
parametric: symbol 
paramilitary: affairs 
paramount: able 
paramour: human 
paramyxovirus: bacteria 
paranoia: disease 
paranoiac: human 
paranormal: abnormal 
parapet: part 
paraphernalia: tool 
paraphrase: speak 
paraphrasis: speak 
paraplegia: paralyse 
paraplegic: human 
paraprofessional: human 
parapsychologist: human 
paraquet: bird 
parasite: animate 
parasitic: PropertyValue 
parasitical: PropertyValue 
parasitically: PropertyValue 
parasitism: alive 
paratrooper: human 
paratroops: part 
paratyphoid: disease 
parboil: cook 
parcel: wrap 
parch: damage 
parched: dried 
pardner: human 
pardon: text 
pardonable: possible 
pare: StripOff 
parenchyma: part 
parent: Source 
parental: human 
parentheses: symbol 
parenthetical: able 
parenthetically: able 
parents: human 
paresthesia: phenomena 
parget: apply 
Paris: place 
parish: place 
parity: Price 
park: put 
parka: clothing 
parkour: fact 
parley: fact 
parliament: institution 
parliamentarian: human 
parliamentarism: system 
parliamentary: institution 
parlor: room 
parlormaid: human 
parlour: room 
parlourmaid: human 
parmesan: food 
parochial: narrowminded 
parody: imitate 
parolee: human 
paromomycin: medicine 
paronomasia: text 
paronychia: disease 
paroquet: bird 
paroxysm: happen 
paroxysmal: spasmodic 
parqueterie: material 
parquetry: material 
parrakeet: bird 
parroket: bird 
parroquet: bird 
parrot: imitate 
parroting: imitate 
parse: analyze 
parsec: Unit 
Parsee: human 
Parseeism: thinking 
parser: software 
Parsi: human 
parsimonious: thrifty 
parsimoniously: thrifty 
parsimoniousness: miser 
parsnip: FlowerGrass 
partake: undergo 
partaker: human 
parterre: facilities 
parthenogenesis: fact 
parthenogenetic: SexValue 
parthenogeny: fact 
partially: pieced 
participate: engage 
participation: engage 
participative: engage 
participle: part 
particularisation: quote 
particularise: quote 
particularity: Peculiarity 
particularization: quote 
particularize: quote 
particularly: very 
particulars: Content 
particulate: round 
parting: farewell 
partisanship: thinking 
partition: separate 
partizan: community 
partly: pieced 
partnership: Intimacy 
partridge: bird 
partum: fact 
parturiency: labour 
parturient: labour 
parturition: reproduce 
party: fact 
partygoer: human 
parvenu: human 
Pasadena: place 
pascal: Unit 
paseo: route 
Pashto: language 
pasiniazid: medicine 
pasquil: mock 
pasquils: mock 
pasquinade: mock 
passage: route 
passageway: route 
passbook: document 
passe: unfashionable 
passee: unfashionable 
passenger: human 
passer: human 
passerby: human 
passional: ardent 
passionateness: emotion 
passionflower: FlowerGrass 
passively: inactive 
passiveness: inactive 
passivity: inactive 
Passover: time 
passport: document 
password: text 
past: time 
pastel: light 
pasteurization: kill 
pasteurize: kill 
pastiche: music 
pastil: food 
pastille: food 
pastness: time 
pastor: human 
pastoral: BestQuality 
pastorale: music 
pastry: food 
pastureland: land 
pasty: food 
patch: tool 
patchboard: tool 
pate: part 
patella: part 
patentee: human 
patentor: human 
paternal: AttachmentValue 
paternalism: Behavior 
paternalist: human 
paternalistic: fierce 
pathbreaker: human 
pathetic: miserable 
pathfinder: human 
pathfinding: guide 
pathless: exist 
pathogen: bacteria 
pathogene: bacteria 
pathogenesis: cause 
pathogenetic: cause 
pathogenic: able 
pathogeny: cause 
pathognomonic: disease 
pathologic: knowledge 
pathological: knowledge 
pathologist: human 
pathology: knowledge 
pathway: route 
patient: thing 
patinate: OutOfOrder 
patio: part 
patois: expression 
patriarch: human 
patriarchal: fierce 
patrician: human 
patrimonial: SourceValue 
patrimony: thing 
patriot: human 
patroller: human 
patronage: arrive 
patroness: human 
patronization: grant 
patronne: human 
patter: MakeSound 
pattering: sound 
patternize: ize 
Patton: human 
Pau: place 
paucity: insufficient 
paulownia: tree 
paunch: part 
paunchiness: fat 
paunchy: fat 
pauper: human 
pauperise: ize 
pauperization: ize 
pauperize: ize 
pause: end 
pave: put 
paver: human 
pavid: timid 
pavilion: part 
pavior: human 
Pavlov: human 
paw: part 
pawl: tool 
pawn: pawn 
pawnbroker: human 
pawnbroking: affairs 
pawnee: human 
pawner: human 
pawnshop: InstitutePlace 
pawpaw: fruit 
pay: recompense 
payable: necessary 
paycheck: bill 
paycheque: bill 
payday: time 
PAYE: expenditure 
payee: human 
payer: human 
payload: artifact 
paymaster: human 
payment: payment 
payoff: wealth 
payor: human 
payout: spend 
Pb: metal 
PBOC: InstitutePlace 
pc: cardinal 
PC: computer 
pc: Rate 
PCB: chemical 
PCI: fact 
PCKD: disease 
PCR: phenomena 
pct: Rate 
Pd: metal 
PDA: tool 
peace: Circumstances 
peaceful: peaceful 
peacefully: peaceful 
peacefulness: peaceful 
peacekeeper: human 
peacekeeping: fact 
peacemaker: human 
peacemeal: stepwise 
peacenik: human 
peacetime: time 
peach: tree 
peachy: red 
peacockery: emotion 
peacockish: flighty 
peafowl: bird 
peahen: bird 
peaked: pointed 
peal: MakeSound 
peanut: fruit 
pear: tree 
pearl: material 
pearler: human 
pearlite: material 
pearly: white 
peasant: human 
peasantry: human 
peat: material 
pebble: stone 
peccadillo: result 
peckerwood: bird 
peckish: BadTemper 
pectin: material 
peculation: steal 
peculator: human 
peculiar: special 
peculiarity: Peculiarity 
peculiarly: special 
pedagogical: PropertyValue 
pedagogy: knowledge 
pedal: part 
pedant: human 
pedantic: stiff 
pedantically: stiff 
peddle: transport 
pederast: human 
pederasty: fact 
pedestal: part 
pedestrism: walk 
pediatric: knowledge 
pediatrician: human 
pediatrics: knowledge 
pediatrist: human 
pedicab: LandVehicle 
pedicel: part 
pedicle: part 
pedicure: handle 
pedicurist: human 
pedigree: Lineage 
pedlar: human 
pedlary: artifact 
pedologist: human 
pedology: knowledge 
pedophile: human 
pedophilia: aspiration 
peduncle: part 
peek: look 
peekaboo: recreation 
peel: StripOff 
peeper: human 
peephole: part 
peepul: tree 
peerage: Occupation 
peerless: impossible 
peeve: irritate 
peevish: BadTemper 
peevishness: BadTemper 
Pei: surname 
pejoratively: PropertyValue 
Peking: place 
pekingese: livestock 
Pekingnese: human 
pekoe: drinks 
pel: part 
pelecypod: fish 
Peleus: humanized 
pelican: bird 
pelite: stone 
pellet: weapon 
pellucidity: Lucidity 
pellucidly: lucid 
pellucidness: clear 
peloponnese: land 
peloponnesus: land 
pelvic: part 
pelvis: part 
pemphigoid: disease 
pemphigus: disease 
pen: tool 
penal: criminal 
penalty: punish 
penance: repent 
pencraft: method 
pendant: tool 
pending: unfixed 
pendulous: GoDown 
pendulum: part 
Penelope: humanized 
penetrable: able 
penetrate: stab 
penetrated: accurate 
penetrating: profound 
penetrative: perceptive 
penetron: part 
peng: sound 
Peng: surname 
penguin: bird 
penile: part 
peninsula: land 
peninsular: land 
penis: part 
penitentiary: InstitutePlace 
penknife: tool 
penlight: tool 
penman: human 
penmanship: method 
pennant: tool 
penner: human 
penniless: poor 
penning: compile 
Pennsylvania: place 
Pennsylvanian: human 
penologist: human 
Pensacola: place 
pensionary: human 
pensioner: human 
pensiveness: careful 
penstock: facilities 
pent: detain 
pentad: cardinal 
pentagon: image 
Pentagon: part 
pentagonal: FormValue 
pentathlete: human 
pentathlon: fact 
penthouse: house 
pentlandite: stone 
pentose: chemical 
pentoxide: chemical 
penultimate: ordinal 
penumbra: trace 
peony: FlowerGrass 
peoples: tribe 
Peoria: place 
pep: urge 
pepperiness: Taste 
peppermint: medicine 
pepperoni: food 
peppery: peppery 
pepsin: part 
peptide: chemical 
peptisation: ize 
peptise: ize 
peptization: ize 
peptize: ize 
peptone: chemical 
per: FuncWord 
perambulation: supervise 
perceivable: able 
perceivably: perception 
percentage: Rate 
perceptible: able 
perceptibly: able 
perception: perception 
perceptive: wise 
perceptivity: Ability 
perceptual: EmotionalityValue 
perch: tool 
percipient: understand 
percolate: filter 
percuss: beat 
percussionist: human 
perdition: destroy 
perdurability: TimeLength 
perdurably: permanent 
perennially: TimeLong 
perfect: Property 
perfectability: GoodBad 
perfectibility: GoodBad 
perfection: fulfil 
perfectionism: thinking 
perfectionist: human 
perfective: Property 
perfectly: fantastic 
perfectness: BestQuality 
perfidious: betray 
perfidy: betray 
perforation: stab 
performable: able 
performer: human 
perfume: tool 
perfumer: human 
perfumery: InstitutePlace 
perfunctorily: superficial 
perfunctoriness: rash 
perfuse: spray 
perfusion: CauseToExist 
perfusive: easy 
pergola: facilities 
perhaps: FuncWord 
perianth: part 
pericarditis: disease 
pericardium: part 
periclase: stone 
perigee: location 
perihelion: location 
perihepatitis: disease 
perilous: dangerous 
perilously: dangerous 
perimeter: Length 
perineum: part 
perineurium: part 
period: time 
periodic: interrupted 
periodically: regular 
periodide: chemical 
periodontal: knowledge 
periodontia: knowledge 
periodontic: knowledge 
periodontics: knowledge 
periodontist: human 
periodontitis: disease 
periodontosis: disease 
periosteum: part 
peripatetic: roam 
peripatus: InsectWorm 
peripheral: part 
periphery: shape 
periphrasis: NotFrank 
periscope: tool 
perishable: able 
peritonaeum: part 
peritoneal: part 
peritoneum: part 
peritonitis: disease 
periwinkle: fish 
perjure: express 
perjurer: human 
perjurious: express 
perjury: information 
perk: payment 
perkiness: interesting 
perleche: disease 
perliche: disease 
permafrost: land 
permanence: TimeLength 
permanency: TimeLength 
permanent: permanent 
permanently: permanent 
permeability: Ability 
permeation: GoThrough 
permissibility: Ability 
permissible: undergo 
permissibly: able 
permissive: agree 
permit: document 
permutation: replace 
permute: alter 
perorate: speak 
peroxide: chemical 
perpendicular: vertical 
perpendicularity: vertical 
perpendicularly: vertical 
perpetrate: engage 
perpetrator: human 
perpetual: permanent 
perpetually: permanent 
perpetuate: ize 
perpetuity: permanent 
Perpignan: place 
perplex: MakeMisunderstand 
perplexed: ignorant 
perplexedly: foolish 
persecute: damage 
persecution: damage 
persecutor: human 
perseverant: constant 
perseverate: appear 
Persia: place 
persian: human 
persimmon: fruit 
persistence: resolute 
personable: beautiful 
personal: self 
personalise: ize 
personalize: ize 
personally: self 
personalty: wealth 
personate: ize 
personation: RegardAs 
personify: ize 
personnel: human 
perspective: thought 
perspicacious: wise 
perspicacity: perceptive 
perspicuous: lucid 
perspicuously: lucid 
perspicuousness: Lucidity 
perspire: excrete 
persuadable: able 
persuade: persuade 
persuader: human 
persuasive: able 
Perth: place 
pertinency: Pertinence 
pertinent: accurate 
pertly: impolite 
pertness: interesting 
perturb: MakeTrouble 
perturbance: MakeTrouble 
perturbation: uneasy 
perturbative: able 
pertussal: disease 
pertussis: disease 
Peru: place 
pervaporate: GoUp 
pervasion: disperse 
pervasive: extensive 
perverseness: emotion 
perversion: abnormal 
perversive: abnormal 
pervert: ize 
perverted: BadSocial 
pervious: able 
Peseta: money 
Peshawar: place 
pesistency: resolute 
pesky: able 
Peso: money 
peso: money 
Peso: money 
pessary: tool 
pessimism: emotion 
pessimist: human 
pessimistic: pessimistic 
pessimistically: pessimistic 
pester: MakeTrouble 
pestering: able 
pesthouse: InstitutePlace 
pesticide: chemical 
pestiferous: able 
pestilent: able 
pestle: grind 
petal: part 
petallike: FormValue 
petechiae: phenomena 
Peter: human 
Peterburg: place 
petfood: physical 
petinent: relevant 
petiole: part 
petite: small 
petiteness: small 
petitionary: request 
petitioners: human 
petrel: bird 
petrified: stiff 
petrol: material 
petrolatum: material 
petroleum: material 
petrolic: material 
petrology: knowledge 
petrous: hard 
petticoat: clothing 
pettifog: quarrel 
pettifogger: human 
pettiness: miser 
pettishness: BadTemper 
petulance: uneasy 
pew: furniture 
peyote: medicine 
Pfizer: InstitutePlace 
Pforzheim: place 
PFP: community 
pgdn: reverse 
pgup: reverse 
pH: Property 
phage: bacteria 
phalanger: beast 
phanerogam: plant 
phantacy: Scene 
phantasm: phenomena 
phantasma: experience 
phantasmagoric: changeable 
phantasy: cherish 
phantom: image 
Pharaoh: human 
pharmaceutic: medicine 
pharmaceutical: medicine 
pharmaceutics: knowledge 
pharmaceutist: human 
pharmacies: InstitutePlace 
pharmacist: human 
pharmacodynamics: knowledge 
pharmacologic: knowledge 
pharmacological: knowledge 
pharmacologist: human 
pharmacology: knowledge 
pharmacopoeia: publications 
pharmic: medicine 
pharos: facilities 
pharyngeal: sound 
pharyngitis: disease 
pharynx: part 
PhD: human 
pheasant: bird 
phenacetin: medicine 
phenanthrene: inanimate 
phenobarbital: medicine 
phenobarbitone: medicine 
phenol: chemical 
phenology: phenomena 
phenomena: phenomena 
phenomenon: phenomena 
phenothiazine: chemical 
phenotype: Kind 
phenylethane: chemical 
phenylethylene: chemical 
Philadelphia: place 
philander: associate 
philanderer: human 
philanthropic: benevolent 
philanthropical: benevolent 
philanthropy: affairs 
philatelic: gather 
philatelist: human 
philately: gather 
philippic: text 
Philippine: human 
philippine: language 
Philippine: RelatingToCountry 
Philippines: place 
Philips: InstitutePlace 
philistinism: Behavior 
philologic: knowledge 
philological: knowledge 
philologist: human 
philologue: human 
philology: knowledge 
philosopher: human 
philosophise: ize 
philosophize: ize 
philter: medicine 
philtre: medicine 
philtrum: part 
phish: damage 
phishing: deceive 
phlebitis: disease 
phlebogram: image 
phlebotomise: doctor 
phlebotomize: doctor 
phlebotomy: fact 
phlegm: excrement 
phobia: disease 
Phoebe: cardinal 
phoenix: bird 
phonate: MakeSound 
phoneme: expression 
phonemics: knowledge 
phoner: human 
phonetic: sound 
phonetician: human 
phonetics: knowledge 
phonograph: tool 
phonologic: knowledge 
phonological: knowledge 
phonologist: human 
phonology: knowledge 
phonomotor: machine 
phonorecord: tool 
phony: useless 
phosgene: chemical 
phosphine: chemical 
phosphoprotein: part 
phosphor: stone 
phosphoresce: spread 
phosphorescence: lights 
phosphorescent: lights 
phosphorous: chemical 
phosphorus: chemical 
photism: experience 
photo: image 
photochemical: knowledge 
photochemistry: knowledge 
photocoagulation: fact 
photocoagulator: tool 
photocomposition: compile 
photoconduction: phenomena 
photoconductive: phenomena 
photoconductivity: phenomena 
photoelectric: electricity 
photoelectrical: electricity 
photoelectricity: electricity 
photoelectron: part 
photoflash: tool 
photoflood: tool 
photogenic: beautiful 
photogram: image 
photographer: human 
photographic: knowledge 
photography: knowledge 
photogravure: tool 
photojournalist: human 
photomechanical: knowledge 
photomechanics: knowledge 
photometer: tool 
photon: part 
photoprint: print 
photosensitise: ize 
photosensitive: able 
photosensitivity: Ability 
photosensitize: ize 
photoset: PutInOrder 
photoshoot: TakePicture 
photosynthesis: phenomena 
phototaxis: Performance 
phototropism: Performance 
phototypesetter: machine 
phototypesetting: compile 
phrasal: expression 
phrase: use 
phrasing: use 
phrenologist: human 
phthalein: chemical 
phthisic: disease 
phthisis: disease 
phubber: human 
phubbing: IllTreat 
Phuket: place 
phylogenetic: original 
phylum: group 
physchometrika: knowledge 
physiatrics: fact 
physic: doctor 
physician: human 
physicist: human 
physicochemical: knowledge 
physics: knowledge 
physiognomy: method 
physiography: knowledge 
physiologic: knowledge 
physiological: knowledge 
physiologically: knowledge 
physiologist: human 
physiology: knowledge 
physiotherapeutic: fact 
physiotherapist: human 
physiotherapy: fact 
phytohormone: physical 
phytologist: human 
phytology: knowledge 
phytophagic: HabitValue 
phytophagous: HabitValue 
phytophilous: HabitValue 
phytoplankton: plant 
PI: human 
Pi: place 
pi: Rate 
Pi: surname 
PIA: InstitutePlace 
piacular: guilty 
Pianguan: place 
pianist: human 
piano: MusicTool 
pic: image 
pica: Habit 
Picasso: human 
piccolo: MusicTool 
pick: tool 
pickax: tool 
pickaxe: tool 
picker: human 
picketer: human 
pickets: community 
pickings: expenditure 
pickup: result 
picky: difficult 
piclamilast: medicine 
picnic: fact 
picofarad: Unit 
picornavirus: bacteria 
pictograph: character 
pictural: image 
picture: Scene 
picturesque: unique 
picturesquely: beautiful 
picturesqueness: beautiful 
pie: food 
piebald: colored 
piebaldism: disease 
piece: shape 
piecework: affairs 
piedmont: part 
piemarker: crop 
Pieris: tree 
Pierre: place 
pietistic: dishonest 
piety: earnest 
piezocrystal: electricity 
piezoelectricity: electricity 
pig: livestock 
pigenhole: classify 
pigeon: bird 
pigeonholing: system 
piggery: InstitutePlace 
piggish: acquisitive 
piggishness: acquisitive 
piggy: livestock 
pigheaded: stubborn 
pigheadedly: stubborn 
pigheadedness: Obstinacy 
piglet: livestock 
pigmentation: AlterColor 
pigmented: part 
pigmentize: AlterColor 
pigmy: human 
pignorate: pawn 
pigpen: facilities 
pigskin: part 
pigsty: facilities 
pigswill: waste 
pigwash: waste 
pigweed: FlowerGrass 
pigwill: waste 
pike: weapon 
pilaf: food 
pilaff: food 
pilaster: tool 
pilau: food 
pilaw: food 
pilchard: fish 
pile: shape 
piles: disease 
pilferage: steal 
pilfering: fact 
pilgrim: SelfMove 
pilgrimage: SelfMove 
piling: bury 
pill: weapon 
pillbox: facilities 
pillory: PutOn 
pillowcase: tool 
pillowslip: tool 
pillowy: soft 
pilotage: guide 
pilotless: automatic 
pimp: human 
pimple: phenomena 
pinaceae: tree 
pinafore: clothing 
pinane: chemical 
pinball: fact 
pinchbeck: metal 
pinched: poor 
pinchfist: human 
pinchpenny: miser 
pinecone: part 
pinetum: land 
ping: information 
Ping: surname 
Pingding: place 
Pingdingshan: place 
Pingdong: place 
pinger: tool 
Pinggu: place 
Pingjiang: place 
Pingliang: place 
Pinglu: place 
Pingluo: place 
Pingshan: place 
Pingshun: place 
Pingxiang: place 
Pingyang: place 
Pingyao: place 
pinheaded: foolish 
pinhole: location 
pink: red 
pinkeye: disease 
pinkish: red 
pinna: part 
pinny: clothing 
pinon: tree 
pinpoint: decide 
pinprick: location 
pint: Unit 
pinwheel: tool 
pinworm: InsectWorm 
pinyon: tree 
pious: earnest 
piously: earnest 
piousness: earnest 
pip: ComeToWorld 
pipal: tree 
pipefish: fish 
pipeful: NounUnit 
pipelayer: human 
pipeline: facilities 
piper: human 
piperazine: chemical 
pipes: MusicTool 
pipilo: bird 
piping: facilities 
pipit: bird 
pipul: tree 
piquant: GoodTaste 
pique: offend 
piqued: angry 
piracetam: medicine 
piracy: fact 
piranha: human 
pirazmonam: medicine 
pirazofurin: medicine 
pirlimycin: medicine 
pirogi: food 
piroshki: food 
pirozhki: food 
Pisa: place 
Pisces: KindValue 
pisiform: part 
piston: part 
pita: food 
pitapat: MakeSound 
pitch: SoundQuality 
pitchfork: tool 
pitchstone: material 
pitchy: FormValue 
piteous: miserable 
piteously: miserable 
pithead: part 
pithiness: concise 
pitilessness: fierce 
pitman: human 
Pitocin: chemical 
pitta: bird 
pittance: payment 
pitted: coarse 
Pittsburgh: place 
pituitary: part 
pity: repent 
pivot: rotate 
pivotal: important 
pixel: part 
Pixian: place 
pixilated: dizzy 
Pizhou: place 
pizza: food 
pizzaz: Life 
pizzazz: Life 
pizzeria: InstitutePlace 
PKD: disease 
PLA: army 
placable: easy 
placate: soothe 
placation: soothe 
placatory: soothe 
placebo: medicine 
placenta: part 
placental: part 
placidness: peaceful 
plage: land 
plagiarisation: copy 
plagiarise: copy 
plagiarism: copy 
plagiarist: human 
plagiaristic: copy 
plagiarization: copy 
plagiarize: copy 
plagiarizer: human 
plaguesome: able 
plaguey: able 
plaid: material 
plain: unsightly 
plainclothesman: human 
plainness: unsightly 
plaintiff: human 
plaintive: sorrowful 
plaintiveness: sorrowful 
plait: weave 
planakeen: tool 
planar: flat 
plane: tool 
planeload: transport 
planemaker: InstitutePlace 
planet: celestial 
planetarium: InstitutePlace 
planetary: celestial 
planetoid: celestial 
planetologist: human 
planetology: knowledge 
planform: image 
plangent: sorrowful 
plangorous: sorrowful 
planiform: flat 
planigale: beast 
planigraph: tool 
planimeter: tool 
plank: shape 
planktology: knowledge 
plankton: animate 
planless: disorder 
planner: human 
planning: plan 
plantable: able 
plantation: InstitutePlace 
plasm: part 
plasmapause: part 
plasmapheresis: fact 
plasmasphere: part 
plasmodium: bacteria 
plaster: tool 
plasterer: human 
plastic: material 
plasticise: ize 
plasticity: Adaptability 
plasticize: ize 
plasticizer: chemical 
plastifier: chemical 
plat: draw 
plateau: land 
plateful: NounUnit 
platelet: part 
platforms: clothing 
platinize: apply 
platinum: metal 
platitude: text 
platitudinize: speak 
Plato: human 
platoon: part 
platter: part 
platypus: beast 
plaudit: praise 
Plauen: place 
plausibility: dishonest 
plausible: dishonest 
plausibleness: dishonest 
plausibly: able 
play: WhileAway 
playacting: perform 
playactor: human 
playback: display 
playbill: readings 
playbook: publications 
playbox: tool 
Playboy: publications 
playday: time 
playful: mischievous 
playfulness: fact 
playgame: fact 
playground: facilities 
playhouse: tool 
playlet: shows 
playoff: fact 
playpen: tool 
playscript: publications 
playsuit: clothing 
plaything: tool 
playwright: human 
plaza: InstitutePlace 
PLC: InstitutePlace 
plea: request 
plead: request 
pleadingly: resolute 
pleasant: joyful 
pleasantness: joyful 
pleasantry: text 
please: please 
pleasing: able 
pleasure: fact 
plebiscitary: fact 
plebiscite: fact 
plectrum: part 
pledge: text 
plenary: wholly 
plenipotentiary: human 
plenitudinous: sufficient 
plenlune: celestial 
plenteousness: many 
plentifully: many 
plentifulness: many 
plentitude: many 
plenty: many 
pleonasm: trivial 
pleonastic: redundant 
plethora: many 
pleura: part 
pleuralgia: phenomena 
pleurisy: disease 
pleuritis: disease 
pleurodont: animal 
pleurodynia: phenomena 
pleuropneumonia: disease 
plexiglass: material 
pliability: docile 
pliable: soft 
pliably: obey 
pliancy: docile 
pliantness: docile 
pliers: tool 
plinth: part 
Pliocene: time 
PLO: community 
plod: walk 
plodding: affairs 
plop: GoDown 
plosive: sound 
plot: plans 
plotter: tool 
Plough: celestial 
plough: VehicleGo 
ploughing: PutInOrder 
ploughshare: part 
plover: bird 
plowing: PutInOrder 
PLT: part 
pluck: StripOff 
pluckily: brave 
pluckless: timid 
plucky: brave 
plugboard: tool 
plugger: human 
plughole: fittings 
plum: fruit 
plumage: part 
plumb: tool 
plumbago: inanimate 
plumber: human 
plumetail: part 
plumpness: sufficient 
plumule: part 
plunderage: rob 
plunger: tool 
plunk: MakeSound 
pluperfect: Property 
plural: Form 
pluralism: Kind 
plurolism: knowledge 
plus: positive 
plush: material 
Pluto: celestial 
plutocracy: system 
plutocrat: human 
plutocratic: system 
pluton: stone 
plutonium: metal 
plutonomy: knowledge 
pluviometer: tool 
Plymouth: place 
plywood: material 
Pm: metal 
pm: time 
pms: phenomena 
PMS: phenomena 
pneumatic: PerformanceValue 
pneumatics: knowledge 
pneumoconiosis: disease 
pneumohydraulic: PerformanceValue 
pneumonectomy: fact 
pneumonia: disease 
pneumonic: part 
pneumonoconiosis: disease 
pneumosurgery: part 
pneumothorax: disease 
PNTR: Intimacy 
Po: metal 
POB: tool 
pocked: coarse 
pocketbook: tool 
pocketcomb: tool 
pocketful: NounUnit 
pocketknife: tool 
pockmarked: coarse 
pockmarks: trace 
podcast: fact 
podcaster: human 
podcasting: fact 
podiatrist: human 
podiatry: knowledge 
podocarpaceae: tree 
poem: text 
poems: text 
poenology: knowledge 
poet: human 
poetess: human 
poetic: text 
poetical: BestQuality 
poetically: BestQuality 
poeticalness: BestQuality 
poetry: text 
pogey: payment 
pogrom: fact 
pogy: payment 
Pohang: place 
poi: food 
poignant: able 
poignantly: able 
poinsettia: FlowerGrass 
pointed: pointed 
pointedly: frank 
pointedness: image 
pointel: tool 
pointless: sharp 
pointsman: human 
poise: stabilize 
poisoning: disease 
Poitiers: place 
Poland: place 
Polaris: celestial 
polarisation: ize 
polarise: ize 
polarization: ize 
polarize: ize 
Polaroid: fact 
Pole: human 
pole: tool 
poleax: tool 
poleaxe: tool 
polemic: debate 
polemical: able 
polemicise: debate 
polemicist: human 
polemicize: debate 
polemics: fact 
polemise: debate 
polemize: debate 
polestar: celestial 
policeman: human 
policemen: human 
policewoman: human 
policlinic: InstitutePlace 
policresulen: medicine 
policy: regulation 
policyholder: human 
polio: disease 
poliomyelitis: disease 
poliovirus: bacteria 
polish: AlterBrightness 
polish: MakeBetter 
Polish: RelatingToCountry 
politbureau: part 
politburo: part 
polite: polite 
politely: polite 
politesse: polite 
politic: sly 
political: affairs 
politically: affairs 
politician: human 
politicise: ize 
politicization: ize 
politicize: ize 
politicking: fact 
politics: affairs 
polka: shows 
pollack: fish 
pollard: break 
pollen: part 
pollenate: transmit 
pollenation: transmit 
pollinate: transmit 
pollination: transmit 
polling: document 
polliwog: beast 
pollock: fish 
pollster: human 
pollutant: physical 
polluter: human 
pollution: mishap 
pollywog: beast 
polonium: metal 
poltroonery: timid 
poltroonish: timid 
polyandry: phenomena 
polychrome: colored 
polychromise: AlterColor 
polychromize: AlterColor 
polyclinic: InstitutePlace 
polycrystal: inanimate 
polycystic: disease 
polydipsia: phenomena 
polyester: chemical 
polyethene: chemical 
polyethylene: chemical 
polygene: part 
polygenetic: colored 
polygenetically: colored 
polygenic: part 
polygon: image 
polygonal: FormValue 
polygraph: tool 
polygyny: phenomena 
polyhedron: image 
polymer: chemical 
polymerase: part 
polymerisation: ComeTogether 
polymerise: ComeTogether 
polymerization: ComeTogether 
polymerize: ComeTogether 
polymine: chemical 
Polynesia: place 
polynomial: expression 
polyoma: bacteria 
polyoxyethylene: chemical 
polyp: part 
polypeptide: chemical 
polyphase: many 
polyphone: character 
polyphonous: PropertyValue 
polyploid: part 
polyposis: disease 
polypropylene: chemical 
polypus: part 
polyseme: expression 
polysemous: vague 
polysemy: Lucidity 
polystyrene: chemical 
polysyllabic: PropertyValue 
polysyllable: part 
polytetrafluoroethylene: chemical 
polythene: chemical 
polyunsaturated: SituationValue 
polyuria: phenomena 
polyvalence: Ability 
polyvalency: Ability 
polyvalent: able 
pomatum: tool 
pomegranate: fruit 
pomelo: fruit 
pomfret: fish 
pommel: beat 
pomology: knowledge 
pomp: stately 
pompadour: Pattern 
pomposity: flighty 
ponce: human 
pond: waters 
ponder: think 
ponderable: possible 
ponderance: Importance 
ponderation: think 
pondering: think 
ponderosa: tree 
Pondicherry: place 
pong: Odor 
pongee: material 
pontiff: human 
pontifical: human 
Pontoise: place 
pontoon: ship 
pony: livestock 
pooch: livestock 
poodle: livestock 
Poole: place 
poop: slander 
poorly: ill 
poorness: poor 
popcorn: food 
pope: human 
popemobile: LandVehicle 
popeyed: part 
poplar: tree 
poplin: material 
popped: PropertyValue 
poppy: FlowerGrass 
popsicle: food 
popular: popular 
popularisation: disseminate 
popularise: disseminate 
popularizer: readings 
populate: reside 
population: human 
populous: dense 
popup: information 
porch: part 
porcupine: beast 
porgy: fish 
pork: food 
porker: livestock 
pornographer: human 
pornographic: lascivious 
porosity: Ability 
porous: unattached 
porphyry: stone 
porridge: food 
port: transmit 
portage: transport 
portal: part 
portend: mean 
portent: information 
porterhouse: food 
portico: part 
portion: component 
Portland: place 
portmanteau: tool 
Porto: place 
portrait: image 
portraitist: human 
portraying: draw 
portreeve: human 
Portsmouth: place 
Portugal: place 
Portuguese: RelatingToCountry 
poser: problem 
Poshtu: language 
posiition: affairs 
posit: arrange 
position: Status 
positional: place 
positiveness: positive 
positivism: thinking 
positivist: thinking 
positivistic: thinking 
positivity: Activeness 
positron: part 
posology: knowledge 
posperity: human 
possess: own 
possessions: wealth 
possessive: own 
possessor: human 
possessory: own 
possibility: Possibility 
possibly: possible 
possum: beast 
post: submit 
postage: expenditure 
postal: affairs 
postbag: tool 
postcard: tool 
postcava: part 
postcode: Number 
postcript: FuncWord 
postdoc: human 
postdoctoral: fact 
posterior: late 
posteriority: soon 
posterity: human 
postern: part 
postfix: part 
posthumous: time 
postiche: tool 
postion: Posture 
postlude: music 
postmark: trace 
postmaster: human 
postnatal: time 
postnuptial: time 
postoperative: time 
postoperatively: time 
postpaid: CircumstancesValue 
postpartum: time 
postponable: possible 
postpone: delay 
postponement: delay 
postpose: put 
postprocessing: handle 
postpubis: part 
postscript: part 
postseason: time 
posttraumatic: time 
postulator: human 
posture: Posture 
postwar: time 
pot: tool 
potage: food 
Potala: house 
potassium: metal 
potation: drinks 
potbellied: fat 
potbelly: part 
potent: strong 
potential: Strength 
potentiality: Ability 
potentially: possible 
potentiate: MakeBetter 
potful: NounUnit 
pothunter: human 
potion: drinks 
potluck: edible 
Potsdam: place 
pottage: food 
potter: human 
pottery: tool 
pouch: tool 
poultice: medicine 
poultry: bird 
pounce: attack 
pound: Unit 
pour: WeatherBad 
pout: CausePartMove 
poverty: poor 
POW: human 
powder: weapon 
powderpuff: tool 
powdery: FormValue 
powerboat: ship 
powerbroker: human 
powerful: sturdy 
powerfully: strong 
powerfulness: Strength 
powerhouse: InstitutePlace 
powerline: material 
powerman: human 
PowerPoint: text 
powerwash: wash 
pox: disease 
poxvirus: bacteria 
Poznan: place 
PPI: symbol 
ppt: text 
PQ: community 
PR: Intimacy 
Pr: metal 
practicable: possible 
practicableness: Ability 
practicalness: Effectivity 
practice: method 
practise: drill 
practitioner: human 
praechment: disseminate 
Prag: place 
pragmatic: substantial 
pragmatical: rash 
pragmatically: substantial 
pragmaticism: thinking 
pragmaticist: human 
pragmatics: knowledge 
pragmatism: thinking 
pragmatistic: thinking 
Prague: place 
Praha: place 
Praia: place 
prairie: land 
praisable: able 
praisal: praise 
praiseworthily: able 
praiseworthiness: able 
praiseworthy: able 
praisworthiness: able 
pram: LandVehicle 
prank: IllBehave 
prankster: human 
praseodymium: metal 
prate: text 
prater: human 
pratical: possible 
pratincole: bird 
prattle: text 
prattler: human 
prattling: TalkNonsense 
prawn: fish 
prayer: recite 
prayerful: earnest 
prayerfully: earnest 
prayerfulness: earnest 
PRC: place 
pre: early 
preach: PlayUp 
preacher: human 
preachify: disseminate 
preaching: disseminate 
preachment: disseminate 
preacquaint: announce 
preamble: part 
preannounce: announce 
prearrangement: decide 
precancel: remove 
precancerous: time 
precariously: dangerous 
precast: produce 
precative: request 
precatory: request 
precaution: method 
precautionary: able 
precava: part 
precedable: able 
precede: put 
precedency: enjoy 
preceding: preceding 
preceptive: ExpressAgainst 
preceptorial: human 
preceptress: human 
precinct: place 
precious: precious 
preciousness: precious 
precipice: part 
precipitancy: Graduality 
precipitant: hasty 
precipitate: separate 
precipitateness: Graduality 
precipitousness: steep 
precis: text 
precise: accurate 
preciseness: Accuracy 
precision: Accuracy 
preclude: restrain 
preclusive: able 
precocious: ripe 
precociousness: ripe 
precocity: ripe 
precompile: compile 
preconception: predict 
preconcert: decide 
precondition: handle 
preconization: announce 
preconize: announce 
preconscious: thought 
precontract: MakeAppointment 
precook: cook 
precool: cool 
precursor: human 
precursors: human 
precursory: human 
predate: ExistAppear 
predawn: time 
predecessors: human 
predefine: MakeAppointment 
predestinarianism: knowledge 
predestinate: happen 
predestination: happen 
predestinationist: human 
predestine: happen 
predeterminate: decide 
predetermine: decide 
predial: land 
predication: thought 
predicative: part 
predicatory: disseminate 
predict: predict 
predictable: able 
predictive: predict 
predictor: human 
predilection: emotion 
predispose: willing 
predisposition: Prospect 
prednisone: medicine 
predominance: Advantage 
predominant: able 
predominantly: able 
predominate: control 
preemie: human 
preeminent: fantastic 
preeminently: able 
preempt: obtain 
preemption: enjoy 
preemptive: early 
preen: MakeUp 
preengage: MakeAppointment 
preengagement: MakeAppointment 
prefab: produce 
prefabricate: produce 
prefabricated: produce 
preface: part 
prefatory: part 
prefect: human 
prefecture: place 
preferable: progressive 
preferential: advantageous 
preferentially: advantageous 
preferment: enjoy 
preferred: able 
prefiguration: mean 
prefigurative: mean 
prefigure: mean 
preform: material 
pregnable: able 
pregnancy: time 
preheat: WarmUp 
prehend: catch 
prehension: understand 
prehistoric: past 
prejudge: judge 
prejudiced: biased 
prejudicial: disadvantageous 
prejudicious: disadvantageous 
prelect: teach 
preliberation: time 
prelim: fact 
preliminarily: early 
preliminary: part 
preliminarysurvey: measure 
premarital: time 
prematurely: early 
premeditate: plan 
premeditatedly: idle 
premeditation: plan 
premie: human 
premiership: Occupation 
premise: RegardAs 
premium: payment 
premolar: part 
premonitor: human 
premonitory: able 
prenatal: time 
prentice: human 
prenuptial: time 
preoccupied: attentive 
preoccupy: attentive 
preordain: happen 
preordination: happen 
prep: fact 
prepack: wrap 
prepackaged: PackingValue 
prepacked: PackingValue 
prepaid: undergo 
preparation: produce 
preparatory: PropertyValue 
prepare: produce 
prepared: ready 
preparedness: Readiness 
prepartum: time 
prepay: pay 
prepayable: able 
prepayment: pay 
prepense: intentional 
prepensely: intentional 
preplan: plan 
preplanned: decide 
preponderant: able 
preponderantly: able 
preponderate: surpass 
preponderating: able 
prepose: put 
preposition: part 
prepositional: part 
prepossess: teach 
prepossession: emotion 
preposterous: wrong 
prepotent: Advantage 
preprocess: handle 
preprocessing: handle 
prepuce: part 
prerace: time 
prerequisite: necessary 
prerogative: rights 
presbyopia: disease 
preschooler: human 
prescience: know 
prescript: text 
prescriptive: able 
preseason: time 
presence: exist 
presentable: qualified 
presentation: text 
presenter: human 
presentiment: experience 
presentment: explain 
presentness: time 
preservable: able 
preservation: store 
preservative: chemical 
preserve: store 
preserving: constant 
preset: put 
preshrunk: PropertyValue 
preside: manage 
president: human 
presidential: human 
presidentship: Occupation 
presidium: community 
presignify: announce 
press: urge 
pressing: urgent 
pressman: human 
pressmark: symbol 
pressup: fact 
pressurise: adjust 
pressurize: adjust 
prestidigitation: shows 
prestidigitator: human 
prestige: Reputation 
prestigious: glorious 
presto: Speed 
Preston: place 
prestressed: Strength 
presumable: able 
presumably: FuncWord 
presume: RegardAs 
presumedly: FuncWord 
presumer: human 
presuming: autocratic 
presumption: RegardAs 
presumptive: RegardAs 
presumptuous: arrogant 
presumptuously: arrogant 
presumptuousness: Pride 
presuppose: mean 
presupposed: guess 
presupposition: predict 
preteen: human 
preteenager: human 
pretend: speak 
pretender: human 
pretense: pretend 
pretension: reason 
pretentiously: arrogant 
pretentiousness: arrogant 
preterhuman: extraordinary 
preterit: Property 
preterite: Property 
preterition: discharge 
pretermission: despise 
pretermit: forget 
preternatural: artificial 
pretest: exam 
pretext: reason 
Pretoria: place 
pretreat: handle 
pretreatment: handle 
pretrial: TimingValue 
prettily: beautiful 
prettiness: beautiful 
pretzel: food 
prevalence: exist 
prevalent: fashionable 
prevalently: extensive 
prevaricate: speak 
prevaricator: human 
prevent: obstruct 
preventable: able 
preventative: medicine 
prevention: obstruct 
preventive: able 
previously: past 
previsional: know 
prevue: shows 
prewar: time 
prey: thing 
price: Worth 
priceless: precious 
pricelessness: precious 
pricey: expensive 
prick: stab 
prickle: stab 
prickleback: fish 
prickteaser: human 
pricy: expensive 
pride: thing 
prideful: arrogant 
pridefulness: arrogant 
priest: human 
priestling: human 
prig: steal 
priggery: arrogant 
priggishness: arrogant 
priggism: arrogant 
prima: famous 
primacy: Priority 
primate: AnimalHuman 
prime: time 
primer: weapon 
primipara: human 
primitive: vulgar 
primitiveness: Vulgarity 
primly: stiff 
primness: arrogant 
primogenitor: human 
primordial: original 
primp: MakeUp 
primrose: FlowerGrass 
prince: human 
princedom: place 
princeliness: HighRank 
princeling: human 
princely: noble 
princess: human 
principal: primary 
principality: place 
principally: important 
principium: regulation 
print: trace 
printable: able 
printer: tool 
printery: InstitutePlace 
printshop: InstitutePlace 
printworks: InstitutePlace 
priority: Priority 
prise: like 
prismy: magnificent 
prison: InstitutePlace 
prisonbreak: flee 
prisoner: human 
prissily: stiff 
pristine: thrifty 
privacy: Publicity 
Privas: place 
private: private 
privates: human 
privation: lack 
privatise: ize 
privatism: thinking 
privative: deprive 
privatization: ize 
privatize: ize 
privilege: rights 
privily: covert 
privity: result 
prizefight: fact 
prizefighter: human 
prizefighting: fact 
prizeman: human 
prizewinner: human 
PRN: FuncWord 
proactive: active 
probabilistic: possible 
probabilistically: possible 
probability: Rate 
probable: possible 
probate: delay 
probation: time 
probational: undergo 
probationary: temporary 
probative: check 
probe: part 
probiotic: medicine 
probity: righteous 
problem: problem 
problematic: difficult 
problematical: difficult 
procaryote: animate 
procaryotic: animate 
procedures: regulation 
proceed: SelfMove 
proceedings: publications 
process: produce 
processed: processed 
processing: produce 
processor: part 
proclaim: announce 
proclamation: text 
proclamatory: text 
proclivity: aspiration 
procrastinate: delay 
procrastination: delay 
procrastinator: human 
procreate: reproduce 
proctocele: disease 
proctology: knowledge 
proctor: human 
proctorial: human 
proctoscope: tool 
procurable: able 
procural: obtain 
procurance: obtain 
procuration: obtain 
procuratorial: human 
procuratory: appoint 
procure: obtain 
procurement: obtain 
procurer: human 
prodding: method 
prodigalize: lavish 
prodigious: big 
produce: reproduce 
producible: able 
productional: produce 
productivity: Ability 
products: artifact 
proem: part 
proemial: part 
prof: human 
profanation: PlayDown 
profane: PlayDown 
profanity: PlayDown 
profession: announce 
professionalise: ize 
professionalism: Behavior 
professionalization: special 
professionalize: ize 
professionally: permanent 
professor: human 
professorship: Status 
proficiency: Ability 
profilist: human 
profit: wealth 
profitability: Rate 
profitableness: Rate 
profiteer: seek 
profligate: lascivious 
profoundity: profound 
profoundness: profound 
profundities: reason 
profundity: part 
profuse: exuberant 
progam: fact 
progenitor: human 
progenitress: human 
progeny: human 
progestin: physical 
progestogen: physical 
prognosis: result 
prognosticate: mean 
prognosticator: human 
programing: compile 
programmable: able 
programmatic: important 
programme: text 
programmer: human 
programming: compile 
progress: prosper 
progressively: InSequence 
progressiveness: Progressivity 
progressivism: thinking 
progressivity: Progressivity 
prohibit: prohibit 
prohibited: suffer 
prohibiter: human 
prohibition: regulation 
prohibitive: expensive 
prohibitory: expensive 
project: upmove 
projecting: protruding 
projection: shoot 
projectional: plans 
projectionist: human 
projector: tool 
prokaryote: animate 
prokaryotic: animate 
prolactin: physical 
prolapse: GoDown 
prolapsus: GoDown 
prolate: LengthLong 
prolepsis: predict 
proleptic: predict 
proletarian: human 
proletariat: community 
proliferation: reproduce 
proliferative: disperse 
proliferous: ill 
prolific: able 
prolix: trivial 
prolixity: trivial 
prolixness: trivial 
prolocutor: human 
prolog: part 
prologise: recite 
prologize: recite 
prologuize: recite 
prolongable: able 
prolongate: AlterMeasurement 
prolusory: part 
promenade: walk 
promethium: metal 
prominence: lucid 
prominent: lucid 
promiscuity: indulge 
promiscuously: improper 
promiscuousness: indulge 
promise: thing 
promisee: human 
promiser: human 
promising: promissing 
promisingly: able 
promissory: MakeAppointment 
promontory: land 
promote: urge 
promotion: urge 
promotional: upgrade 
prompt: urge 
promptbook: publications 
promptitude: nimble 
promptly: prompt 
promptness: punctual 
promulgate: announce 
promulgation: announce 
promulgator: human 
prong: tool 
pronk: jump 
pronominal: part 
pronoun: part 
pronounce: MakeSound 
pronouncement: announce 
pronto: prompt 
pronumciation: SoundQuality 
pronunciamento: text 
proof: obstruct 
proofer: human 
proofless: fake 
proofread: check 
proofreader: human 
proofreading: check 
propaganda: disseminate 
propagandism: disseminate 
propagandistic: disseminate 
propagandize: disseminate 
propagate: reproduce 
propagationl: disseminate 
propagator: human 
propane: material 
propel: urge 
propeller: part 
properly: proper 
properness: Properness 
prophet: human 
prophetess: human 
prophetic: predict 
prophylaxis: obstruct 
propinquity: approach 
propitiate: mediate 
propitiation: mediate 
propitiator: human 
propitiatory: mediate 
propitious: auspicious 
propitiously: auspicious 
proponent: human 
proportionable: fit 
proportional: GeoRegular 
proportionality: Rate 
proportionally: GeoRegular 
proportionately: balanced 
proportioned: symmetrical 
proposal: text 
propose: propose 
proposer: human 
proposition: thought 
propositional: thinking 
propound: propose 
propounder: human 
proprieties: regulation 
proprietor: human 
proprietorial: rights 
proprietorship: rights 
propriety: Properness 
propulsion: Strength 
propyl: chemical 
propylene: chemical 
prorate: separate 
prorogation: cease 
prosaic: boring 
prosaist: human 
proscenium: facilities 
proscribe: prohibit 
prose: text 
prosector: human 
prosecution: accuse 
prosecutor: human 
proselytise: alter 
proselytize: alter 
proser: human 
prosodic: Pattern 
prospective: predict 
prospector: human 
prosper: prosper 
prospering: flourishing 
prosperously: flourishing 
prostate: part 
prostatectomy: fact 
prostatitis: disease 
prosthodontist: human 
prostitution: engage 
prosumer: human 
prosy: boring 
protactinium: metal 
protanopia: disease 
protease: part 
protection: protect 
protectionism: system 
protectionist: human 
protective: tool 
protector: human 
protectoral: human 
protectorate: place 
protectress: human 
protege: human 
protegee: human 
protein: part 
proteinase: part 
Protestant: human 
protestation: text 
protester: human 
protestor: human 
prothrombin: part 
protist: animate 
protium: chemical 
protoactinium: metal 
protoanthropology: knowledge 
protocol: text 
protohistory: knowledge 
proton: part 
protophyte: plant 
protoplasm: part 
protoplasmic: part 
protoplast: inanimate 
prototypal: example 
protozoa: AnimalHuman 
protozoologist: human 
protozoon: AnimalHuman 
protracted: TimeLong 
protraction: AlterMeasurement 
protractor: tool 
protruding: protruding 
protuberant: protruding 
protuberate: FormChange 
proud: glorious 
proudhearted: arrogant 
provable: able 
provably: lucid 
prove: prove 
provenance: Source 
provender: physical 
proverb: expression 
proverbial: famous 
provident: able 
providential: fortunate 
provider: InstitutePlace 
providing: FuncWord 
province: place 
provincialism: SocialMode 
provision: regulation 
provisional: temporary 
provisionality: TimeLength 
provisionally: temporary 
provisionary: temporary 
proviso: part 
Provo: place 
provocation: irritate 
provocations: fact 
provokation: irritate 
prow: part 
prowess: Strength 
prowl: walk 
proxemics: knowledge 
Proxima: celestial 
proximal: near 
proximity: alike 
proxy: human 
Prozac: medicine 
prudence: cautious 
prudent: cautious 
prudential: cautious 
prudentialist: human 
prudentially: cautious 
prudently: cautious 
prudish: stiff 
prurience: lascivious 
pruriency: lascivious 
pruritus: phenomena 
Prussia: place 
prussiate: chemical 
pry: check 
PsA: part 
psalm: music 
psalmody: music 
psammoma: disease 
PSD: part 
pseud: human 
pseudo: fake 
pseudocarp: part 
pseudoephedrine: chemical 
pseudology: text 
pseudoscience: knowledge 
psilocybin: medicine 
psittacosis: disease 
psoriasis: disease 
psoriatic: disease 
PST: time 
psychedelic: able 
psychiatric: disease 
psychiatrist: human 
psychiatry: knowledge 
psychic: mental 
psychics: knowledge 
psycho: human 
psychoanalyse: doctor 
psychoanalysis: method 
psychoanalyze: doctor 
psychobabble: expression 
psycholinguist: human 
psycholinguistics: knowledge 
psychological: mental 
psychologically: FuncWord 
psychologist: human 
psychology: knowledge 
psychometrics: knowledge 
psychometry: knowledge 
psychopathology: knowledge 
psychopharmacology: knowledge 
psychophysicist: human 
psychophysics: knowledge 
psychophysiology: knowledge 
psychosis: disease 
psychosurgery: knowledge 
psychotherapeutics: knowledge 
psychotherapist: human 
psychotherapy: fact 
psywar: fact 
Pt: metal 
pteropus: beast 
PTH: physical 
ptomain: chemical 
ptosis: phenomena 
PTSD: disease 
ptyalin: part 
ptyalise: vomit 
ptyalize: vomit 
pub: InstitutePlace 
puberty: time 
pubes: part 
pubescence: time 
pubic: part 
pubis: part 
publically: overt 
publication: publish 
publications: publications 
publicise: disseminate 
publicity: Publicity 
publicly: overt 
publishable: able 
publisher: InstitutePlace 
publishing: affairs 
puck: SportTool 
pucker: FormChange 
puckery: PoorTaste 
pudding: food 
puddingheaded: potty 
pudenda: part 
pudendum: part 
pudgy: fat 
Pudong: place 
Pueblo: place 
puerile: naif 
puerperium: time 
puffer: fish 
pufferfish: fish 
puffiness: fat 
pug: grind 
pugilism: fact 
pugilist: human 
pugnacious: FondOf 
pugnaciousness: FondOf 
pugnacity: FondOf 
Pula: money 
pule: weep 
Pulitzer: tool 
pull: remove 
pulley: part 
Pullman: part 
pullout: cease 
pullover: clothing 
pullswitch: part 
pullulate: reproduce 
pulmonary: part 
pulmonic: part 
pulp: part 
pulpy: soft 
pulque: alcohol 
pulsar: celestial 
pulsate: shiver 
pulsation: shiver 
pulsion: urge 
pulverisation: bump 
pulverise: bump 
pulverization: bump 
pulverize: grind 
pulverizer: machine 
pulvis: medicine 
puma: beast 
pumice: stone 
pummel: beat 
pumpernickel: food 
puncher: human 
punctilious: stiff 
punctiliously: stiff 
punctiliousness: careful 
punctual: punctual 
punctually: punctual 
punctuation: symbol 
puncture: stab 
Pundjabi: language 
puniness: StatureShort 
punish: punish 
punitive: able 
punitory: able 
Punjab: place 
Punjabi: place 
punk: music 
punner: tool 
punny: profound 
punt: kick 
pupa: InsectWorm 
pupate: become 
puppeteer: human 
puppy: livestock 
Puqi: place 
purblind: disable 
purchase: buy 
purchaser: human 
pureblood: livestock 
purebred: pure 
puree: food 
purely: FuncWord 
pureness: Purity 
purfume: Odor 
purgation: urge 
purgative: medicine 
purgatory: place 
purger: human 
purification: refine 
purifier: tool 
purify: refine 
purine: chemical 
Puritan: human 
puritanical: stiff 
purity: Purity 
purl: sound 
purlin: part 
purloin: steal 
purple: purple 
purportedly: FuncWord 
purposeful: intentional 
purposefulness: Intentionality 
purposeless: rash 
purposelessly: ineffective 
purposely: intentional 
purposive: intentional 
purpura: disease 
purpurate: AlterColor 
purse: tool 
purser: human 
purslane: FlowerGrass 
pursuable: able 
pursuance: seek 
pursuant: follow 
pursue: seek 
pursuit: seek 
pursy: dignified 
purulence: part 
purvey: provide 
pus: part 
Pusan: place 
push: urge 
pushcart: LandVehicle 
pushchair: LandVehicle 
pusher: LandVehicle 
pushily: autocratic 
pushiness: autocratic 
Pushkin: human 
pushover: fact 
pushpin: tool 
pushup: fact 
pushy: autocratic 
puss: livestock 
pussy: livestock 
pussycat: livestock 
pussyfoot: SelfMove 
pustule: phenomena 
Putian: place 
Putin: human 
putrefy: CauseToDo 
putridity: OutOfOrder 
putsch: fact 
putschism: thinking 
putschist: human 
puttee: fittings 
Putuo: place 
Puxian: place 
Puyang: surname 
puzzle: problem 
puzzled: ignorant 
puzzledom: Circumstances 
puzzlement: confuse 
puzzling: profound 
PVC: chemical 
PVS: phenomena 
pycnogonid: InsectWorm 
pyelitis: disease 
pyelonephritis: disease 
pygmy: human 
pyjamas: clothing 
pylon: facilities 
pylorus: part 
Pyongyang: place 
pyorrhea: disease 
pyorrhoea: disease 
pyrabrom: medicine 
pyrexia: phenomena 
pyridine: chemical 
pyrimidine: chemical 
pyrite: stone 
pyrithioxine: medicine 
pyritinol: medicine 
pyroelectricity: electricity 
pyrogenic: StateChange 
pyrometer: tool 
pyrosis: StomachTrouble 
python: beast 
Qandahar: place 
qat: material 
Qi: waters 
Qia: surname 
Qian: surname 
Qiandongnan: place 
Qiang: surname 
Qianlong: time 
Qianmen: facilities 
Qianshan: place 
Qianxian: place 
Qiao: surname 
Qiaoda: surname 
Qidan: tribe 
Qidong: place 
Qie: surname 
qigong: Strength 
Qiguan: surname 
Qijiang: place 
Qimen: place 
Qin: surname 
Qingdao: place 
Qinghai: place 
Qinghua: InstitutePlace 
Qingjiang: place 
Qingming: time 
Qingtongxia: place 
Qingxv: place 
Qingyuan: place 
Qinhuangdao: place 
Qinshui: place 
Qinxian: place 
Qinyvan: place 
Qinzhou: place 
Qionghai: place 
Qionglai: place 
Qiqihaer: place 
Qitaihe: place 
Qiu: surname 
Qixian: place 
Qiyang: place 
quack: sound 
quackery: praise 
quacksalver: human 
quadrangular: square 
quadrant: part 
quadratic: expression 
quadrel: material 
quadrennial: FrequencyValue 
quadrille: music 
quadriplegia: paralyse 
quadriplegic: human 
quadroon: human 
quadruped: beast 
quaff: swallow 
quaggy: soft 
quail: GoBackward 
quaintly: queer 
quakeproof: able 
quakingly: shiver 
quaky: shiver 
qualifications: Standard 
qualitative: decide 
qualmish: uneasy 
Quan: surname 
quandary: Circumstances 
Quanjude: InstitutePlace 
quantic: expression 
quantification: ize 
quantify: ize 
quantisation: ize 
quantise: ize 
quantitative: decide 
quantity: Amount 
quantization: ize 
quantize: ize 
Quanzhou: place 
quark: part 
quarreller: human 
quarrelsome: FondOf 
quarrelsomeness: FondOf 
quarrier: human 
quarryman: human 
quart: Unit 
quarter: time 
quarterfinal: fact 
quartermaster: human 
quartern: cardinal 
quarters: house 
quartersaw: break 
quartette: fact 
quartic: expression 
quarto: SizeValue 
quartrain: text 
quartz: inanimate 
quasi: mediocre 
quat: material 
quatercentenary: time 
quatercentennial: time 
quatern: cardinal 
quaternary: cardinal 
quaternion: cardinal 
quaternity: cardinal 
quaver: symbol 
quavery: shiver 
quay: facilities 
quayside: facilities 
Que: surname 
queasiness: chaotic 
queazy: peaceful 
Quebecer: human 
Quechua: language 
queen: InsectWorm 
Queensland: place 
queer: unfamiliar 
queerish: eccentric 
queerly: queer 
quell: weaken 
queller: human 
Quemoy: place 
quench: remove 
quenchable: able 
quencher: tool 
quenching: moisten 
quenchless: impossible 
querier: human 
querist: human 
quernstone: tool 
query: text 
question: text 
questionable: queer 
questionary: ask 
questioner: human 
questionless: true 
questionlessly: FuncWord 
questionnaire: text 
quetch: ExpressDissatisfaction 
Quetzal: money 
Qufu: place 
Quguiya: money 
quibbler: human 
quibbling: difficult 
quicken: SpeedUp 
quicksand: stone 
quicksilver: metal 
quickwittedness: Quickwittedness 
quiddity: reason 
quiesce: ize 
quiescent: change 
quieten: ize 
quietness: silent 
quietude: peaceful 
quilt: tool 
Quimper: place 
quincentenary: time 
quincentennial: time 
quinine: medicine 
quinone: chemical 
quintal: Unit 
quintessential: refined 
quintet: fact 
quintette: fact 
quintuple: many 
quintuplicate: many 
quirkness: Habit 
quirky: unique 
quisle: betray 
quite: ish 
quitely: quiet 
Quito: place 
quittance: money 
quiver: wave 
quivering: shiver 
quizzer: human 
quizzical: eccentric 
Qujing: place 
quondam: past 
quorum: Amount 
quota: Amount 
quotable: able 
quotation: quote 
quotative: quote 
quoter: human 
quotidian: ordinary 
quotiety: Rate 
Quran: publications 
Quyuan: human 
Quzhou: place 
Qvwo: place 
R: Distance 
Ra: metal 
Rabat: place 
rabbitfish: fish 
rabbity: timid 
rabble: human 
rabblement: human 
rabid: fierce 
rabidity: fierce 
rabidly: fierce 
rabidness: fierce 
rabies: disease 
Rabobank: InstitutePlace 
raccoon: beast 
racecourse: part 
racehorse: livestock 
raceme: fact 
racetrack: part 
raceway: part 
racial: tribe 
racialism: system 
racialist: human 
racism: system 
rack: tool 
rackety: cry 
racklessness: Cautiousness 
racoon: beast 
ractopamine: chemical 
racy: interesting 
radar: tool 
radarman: human 
radial: DirectioningValue 
radialization: illuminate 
radialized: DirectioningValue 
radian: Form 
radiance: Rate 
radiantly: magnificent 
radiate: shoot 
radiation: shoot 
radiative: illuminate 
radiator: tool 
radiators: facilities 
radical: strong 
radicalism: thinking 
radicle: part 
radio: tool 
radioactive: Performance 
radiochemistry: knowledge 
radiocommunication: fact 
radioelectronic: knowledge 
radiographic: fact 
radioisotope: part 
radiological: illuminate 
radiology: part 
radiometer: tool 
radionuclide: part 
radiopharmaceutics: knowledge 
radiophone: tool 
radiotelegraph: letter 
radiotelegraphy: letter 
radiotelephone: tool 
radiovision: tool 
radiovisor: tool 
radium: metal 
radius: Distance 
radix: symbol 
radon: chemical 
raer: foster 
RAF: part 
raffinose: chemical 
raffish: tidy 
raffle: sell 
rafter: part 
rafting: fact 
rag: tool 
rage: emotion 
raggedly: incomplete 
raid: attack 
raider: human 
railing: part 
railman: human 
railroader: human 
railwayman: human 
raiment: PutOn 
rain: WeatherBad 
rainbow: CloudMist 
raincoat: clothing 
raindrop: RainSnow 
rainforest: tree 
rainless: waterless 
rainmaking: WeatherBad 
rainproof: able 
rainstorm: RainSnow 
rainwater: RainSnow 
rainwear: material 
rainworm: InsectWorm 
rainy: CircumstancesValue 
raise: urge 
raisin: food 
Rajab: time 
rake: tool 
rakish: tidy 
rale: phenomena 
Raleigh: place 
RAM: part 
Ramadan: time 
ramble: walk 
ramblingly: unattached 
rambunctious: peaceful 
ramie: FlowerGrass 
ramification: FormChange 
rammer: tool 
rampage: MakeBad 
rampageous: ExpressAnger 
rampancy: exuberant 
rampant: unable 
rampart: facilities 
ramshackle: dangerous 
ramus: part 
Ran: surname 
ranch: land 
rancher: human 
rancid: stinky 
rancidity: stinky 
rancidly: able 
rancidness: stinky 
rancor: emotion 
rancour: emotion 
random: unintentional 
randomisation: ize 
randomise: ize 
randomization: ize 
randomize: ize 
randomness: Cautiousness 
ranger: human 
Rangoon: place 
Rangsi: surname 
ranking: PutInOrder 
rankle: excite 
rankness: Odor 
ransack: LookFor 
Rao: surname 
rap: beat 
rapaciously: acquisitive 
rapaciousness: acquisitive 
rapeseed: part 
rapidity: fast 
rapidly: fast 
rapids: water 
rapist: human 
Rappahannock: waters 
rappel: GoDown 
rapper: human 
rapport: Intimacy 
rapprochement: reconcile 
rapt: joyful 
raptor: bird 
raptured: joyful 
rapturous: joyful 
rapturousness: joyful 
raptus: happen 
rarefied: noble 
rarely: rarely 
rarified: noble 
rarify: MakeBetter 
raring: eager 
rascal: human 
rascalism: Behavior 
rascally: despicable 
rase: AlterForm 
rashly: rash 
rasp: tool 
raspberry: fruit 
raspberry+N2: sound 
raster: fittings 
rasterize: alter 
rat: beast 
rat+V: catch 
rat+N: human 
ratafia: food 
rate+V: PutInOrder 
rate+N: Rate 
rateable: able 
rater: human 
ratherish: ish 
rathole: part 
ratification: ExpressAgreement 
ratifier: human 
ratify: ExpressAgreement 
rating: Rank 
ratio: Rate 
ratiocinate: deduce 
ratiocination: result 
ratiocinative: deduce 
rational: reasonable 
rationale: reasonable 
rationalisation: ize 
rationalise: ize 
rationalism: thinking 
rationality: Reasonableness 
rationalization: ize 
rationalize: ize 
rationally: reasonable 
rationalness: Reasonableness 
rations: edible 
rattan: wood 
rattlebrain: human 
rattlebrained: unscholarly 
rattlehead: human 
rattleheaded: unscholarly 
rattlepate: human 
rattlepated: unscholarly 
rattlesnake: beast 
rattrap: tool 
raucous: hoarse 
raucously: hoarse 
rave: TalkNonsense 
ravel: disconnect 
ravelment: MakeTrouble 
raven: bird 
ravener: human 
ravenous: acquisitive 
ravenousness: acquisitive 
ravines: land 
raving: text 
ravings: text 
ravishing: attractive 
raw: unprocessed 
Rawalpindi: place 
rawness: experience 
rayless: dark 
rayon: material 
raze: AlterForm 
razorsharp: sharp 
razz: mock 
razzing: sound 
Rb: metal 
RBC: part 
RCMP: institution 
re: again 
RE: Content 
Re: metal 
reabsorb: absorb 
react: respond 
reactance: Resistance 
reactionaries: human 
reactivity: respond 
reactor: facilities 
read: take 
readability: Ability 
readership: community 
reading: Amount 
Reading: place 
readjust: adjust 
readjustment: adjust 
ready: prepare 
reaffirm: explain 
Reagan: human 
reagent: chemical 
real: true 
realgar: stone 
realign: arrange 
realisation: fulfil 
realise: understand 
realism: thinking 
realist: human 
reality: thing 
realizable: possible 
really: very 
realm: place 
realtor: human 
realty: wealth 
ream: NounUnit 
reamer: tool 
reanimate: CauseToLive 
reanimation: urge 
reaper: machine 
reaping: result 
reappear: appear 
reappearance: appear 
rear: ProvideFor 
rearguard: part 
rearmost: PositioningValue 
rearrange: PutInOrder 
rearrangement: compile 
rearward: hind 
rearwards: hind 
reasonable: sensible 
reasonably: sensible 
reasoned: steady 
reasoning: deduce 
reassign: dispatch 
reassignment: dispatch 
reassurance: AtEase 
reassure: guarantee 
reave: deprive 
rebarbative: able 
rebate: subtract 
rebellious: uprise 
rebirth: Living 
reboot: TurnOn 
reborn: undergo 
rebound: phenomena 
rebroadcast: disseminate 
rebuild: build 
rebuke: ExpressAgainst 
rebut: refute 
rebutal: refute 
rebuttal: refute 
recalcitrant: stubborn 
recall: TakeBack 
recallable: able 
recant: remove 
recantation: deny 
recanter: human 
recap: repair 
recapture: TakeBack 
recarve: carve 
recede: GoBackward 
receipt: text 
receivable: able 
receive: undergo 
receiver: tool 
recension: readings 
recent: recent 
recently: recent 
receptacle: tool 
receptionist: human 
receptive: accept 
receptiveness: Broadmindness 
receptivity: Broadmindness 
receptor: part 
recess: cease 
recessive: covert 
recidivism: engage 
recidivist: human 
recipe: document 
recipes: account 
reciprocality: Pertinence 
reciprocally: EachOther 
reciprocate: ToAndFro 
reciprocation: respond 
recital: shows 
reciter: human 
reck: worried 
recklessness: careless 
reckon: think 
reclamation: request 
reclassification: classify 
reclassify: classify 
recline: put 
recliner: furniture 
reclusive: lonely 
recognise: understand 
recognition: know 
recognizable: possible 
recognizance: expenditure 
recognize: SayHello 
recoil: Strength 
recollect: LookBack 
recollection: LookBack 
recommendation: text 
recommit: do 
recompensation: recompense 
reconcilability: Ability 
reconcilable: able 
reconcilement: mediate 
reconciler: human 
reconciliatory: accordant 
recondite: profound 
recondition: repair 
reconfirm: decide 
reconnoiter: investigate 
reconsider: discuss 
reconsideration: think 
reconstitute: build 
reconstruct: build 
reconstruction: build 
reconvert: resume 
recopy: produce 
recordable: able 
recordation: record 
recordist: human 
recount: explain 
recourse: depend 
recover: TakeBack 
recoverable: able 
recreate: CauseToLive 
recreational: interesting 
recriminate: accuse 
recrimination: accuse 
recrudesce: SufferFrom 
recruit: include 
recruitment: include 
rectal: part 
rectangle: image 
rectangular: square 
rectangule: shape 
rectifiable: able 
rectifier: tool 
rectify: amend 
rectilineal: shape 
rectitis: disease 
rectocele: disease 
rectum: part 
recuperation: rest 
recurrent: again 
recursion: again 
recursive: again 
recurve: GoBack 
recusal: disobey 
recusation: disobey 
recuse: disobey 
recyclable: able 
recycling: collect 
red: red 
redact: compile 
redaction: compile 
redactional: compile 
redactor: human 
redbird: bird 
redbreast: bird 
redcap: human 
redcurrant: fruit 
redd: adjust 
redden: AlterColor 
reddish: red 
redefine: explain 
redemption: redeem 
redesignate: forming 
redeye: Number 
redheader: human 
redirect: alter 
rediscount: subtract 
redistribution: issue 
redneck: human 
redness: red 
redo: repeat 
redolence: Odor 
redolency: Odor 
redolent: fragrant 
redoubtable: able 
redress: resume 
reducible: able 
reductant: chemical 
reductase: part 
reduction: weaken 
reductor: chemical 
redundancy: redundant 
redundant: trivial 
reduplicative: again 
redwood: tree 
reed: part 
reeducation: fact 
reefer: drug 
reek: stinky 
reeky: blurred 
reel: walk 
reelect: select 
reelection: select 
reequip: install 
reequipment: install 
reestablish: build 
reestablishment: build 
reeve: GoThrough 
reexamination: fact 
reexamine: check 
ref: human 
refashion: produce 
refer: relate 
referee: human 
referendum: fact 
referent: thing 
referral: recommend 
refill: part 
refined: refined 
refinedly: gracious 
refinement: refine 
refinery: InstitutePlace 
refit: install 
refitment: install 
refitting: install 
reflation: phenomena 
reflect: think 
reflections: experience 
reflectivity: respond 
reflexive: part 
reflexiveness: Property 
reflexivity: Property 
reflux: StomachTrouble 
refolution: fact 
reform: improve 
reformation: improve 
reformational: improve 
reformer: human 
reformism: thinking 
refract: illuminate 
refractable: Ability 
refraction: illuminate 
refractive: illuminate 
refractivity: Ability 
refractoriness: stubborn 
refractory: stubborn 
refrain: restrain 
refreshed: peaceful 
refreshen: wash 
refresher: physical 
refreshful: new 
refreshingly: happy 
refreshments: edible 
refrigerate: store 
refrigeratioin: store 
refrigeration: cool 
refrigerator: tool 
refuel: feed 
refueling: feed 
refugee: human 
refulgence: lights 
refulgent: magnificent 
refund: return 
refundable: able 
refurbish: repair 
refurbishment: repair 
refusable: able 
refuse: waste 
refuser: human 
refutable: able 
refutal: refute 
regain: TakeBack 
regale: enjoy 
regarding: FuncWord 
regardless: attentive 
regeneracy: Living 
regeneration: BeRecovered 
regenerative: able 
Regensburg: place 
reggae: music 
regime: Power 
regiment: part 
regimental: part 
regimentation: manage 
regionalization: ize 
regionalize: ize 
registering: tool 
registrable: able 
registrar: human 
regrate: SetAside 
regrater: human 
regrator: human 
regress: BeRecovered 
regression: phenomena 
regret: sorry 
regretful: repent 
regrettable: able 
regrettably: FuncWord 
regroup: forming 
regular: straight 
regularisation: ize 
regularity: law 
regularization: ize 
regularize: ize 
regularly: often 
regulation: regulation 
regulatory: delimit 
rehab: InstitutePlace 
rehabilitate: resume 
rehash: repeat 
Rehe: place 
rehear: interrogate 
rehearsal: drill 
reification: ize 
reify: ize 
Reigate: place 
reignite: lighting 
reimbursement: recompense 
Reims: place 
rein: tool 
reincarnate: ComeToWorld 
reincarnation: ComeToWorld 
reindeer: beast 
reinforcement: strengthen 
reinforcements: army 
reins: tool 
reinstatement: resume 
reinvent: repeat 
reissue: CatchUp 
reiteration: explain 
reiterative: again 
reject: waste 
rejecter: human 
rejig: provide 
rejoice: joyful 
rejoinder: refute 
rejuvenate: resume 
rekindle: lighting 
relate: relate 
related: relevant 
relatedness: Pertinence 
relater: human 
relationship: Pertinence 
relative: relevant 
relatively: more 
relatives: human 
relativise: ize 
relativism: knowledge 
relativize: ize 
relator: human 
relax: WhileAway 
relaxed: relax 
relay: part 
relays: fact 
relearn: study 
relegation: degrade 
relend: lend 
relent: weaken 
relentless: fierce 
relentlessly: fierce 
relentlessness: fierce 
relevancy: Pertinence 
relevant: relevant 
reliability: Reliability 
reliable: true 
reliableness: Reliability 
reliably: true 
reliance: emotion 
reliant: believe 
relics: place 
relief: weaken 
relier: human 
relievable: able 
relieved: relax 
reliever: human 
relievo: image 
religionist: human 
religious: community 
religiousness: earnest 
relinquishment: abandon 
reliquary: tool 
reliquiae: part 
relish: Taste 
relive: undergo 
relocate: TakeAway 
relocation: decide 
reluctance: inactive 
reluctant: inactive 
rely: depend 
remain: stay 
remaining: surplus 
remake: produce 
remand: detain 
remarkable: extraordinary 
remarkably: lucid 
rematch: fact 
Rembrandt: human 
remediable: able 
remedial: doctor 
remedies: medicine 
remediless: impossible 
remedy: rescue 
rememberable: able 
rememberance: remember 
remembrance: remember 
remembrancer: artifact 
remilitarisation: ize 
remilitarise: ize 
remilitarization: ize 
remilitarize: ize 
remind: persuade 
reminder: persuade 
remindful: able 
reminiscent: able 
remissible: able 
remissness: result 
remitment: money 
remittable: able 
remittal: money 
remittance: post 
remittee: human 
remitter: human 
remnant: surplus 
remnants: part 
remonstrance: protest 
remonstrant: protest 
remorse: repent 
remorseful: repent 
remote: TimeLong 
removable: able 
remunerate: recompense 
Ren: surname 
Renaissance: fact 
renaissance: resume 
renaissant: resume 
renal: part 
rename: AlterProperty 
renascent: BeRecovered 
rendezvous: fact 
rendition: perform 
rendril: part 
renegade: human 
renege: disobey 
renew: replace 
renewable: able 
renewal: replace 
renminbi: money 
rennin: part 
Reno: place 
renounce: separate 
renovate: repair 
renovation: repair 
renovator: human 
renown: Reputation 
renowned: famous 
Renqiu: place 
rentable: able 
rental: Price 
rente: payment 
rented: borrow 
renter: human 
renunciation: abandon 
Renxian: place 
reorganise: forming 
reorganization: forming 
reorganize: forming 
reovirus: bacteria 
repack: wrap 
repackage: wrap 
repairable: able 
repairer: human 
repairman: human 
reparable: able 
reparation: recompense 
reparative: force 
reparatory: able 
repast: edible 
repatriate: expel 
repatriation: expel 
repay: return 
repayable: able 
repeat: repeat 
repeatability: Frequency 
repeatedly: continuous 
repeater: human 
repellant: able 
repellence: discharge 
repellent: material 
repent: repent 
repentance: repent 
repentant: repent 
repentantly: repent 
repertoire: shows 
repetitious: again 
repetitiousness: trivial 
repetitive: again 
repetitiveness: trivial 
repettition: repeat 
rephrase: speak 
repine: ExpressDissatisfaction 
replace: replace 
replant: CatchUp 
replantation: fact 
replay: display 
replenish: enrich 
replenishment: enrich 
repletion: BeFull 
replevy: collect 
replica: artifact 
replicate: produce 
replication: produce 
replier: human 
reportage: text 
reportedly: FuncWord 
reporter: human 
reportorial: human 
reposeful: quiet 
repository: facilities 
repot: planting 
reprehensible: able 
reprehensibly: able 
represent: replace 
repressive: autocratic 
reprimand: ExpressAgainst 
reprint: print 
reprinting: print 
reprisal: revenge 
reprise: recreation 
reproach: ExpressAgainst 
reproachable: able 
reproachful: ExpressAgainst 
reproachless: impossible 
reprobate: ExpressAgainst 
reprobation: ExpressAgainst 
reproducible: able 
reproducibly: able 
reproduction: reproduce 
reproof: ExpressAgainst 
reprove: ExpressAgainst 
reptilan: beast 
reptile: beast 
Reptilia: group 
republican: human 
republish: print 
repudiate: refute 
repudiation: refute 
repudiator: human 
repugn: HaveContest 
repulse: expel 
repulsion: discharge 
repulsive: discharge 
repulsiveness: able 
repurchase: buy 
reputable: famous 
reputation: Reputation 
reputational: Reputation 
request: request 
requester: human 
requirement: need 
requisite: necessary 
requital: revenge 
reroute: alter 
rerun: function 
resale: sell 
rescission: remove 
rescissory: remove 
rescue: rescue 
rescuer: human 
research: research 
researcher: human 
researchist: human 
resect: cut 
resectable: able 
resection: cut 
reseed: CatchUp 
resemble: BeSimilar 
resentful: unsatisfied 
resentment: emotion 
reservation: SetAside 
reserve: SetAside 
reserved: tactful 
reserves: Amount 
reservist: human 
reservoir: facilities 
reset: adjust 
resettle: arrange 
resettlement: reside 
reshipment: transport 
reshuffle: forming 
residance: reside 
reside: reside 
residence: reside 
residency: place 
residential: house 
residual: symbol 
residue: waste 
residuum: part 
resignation: document 
resile: jump 
resilience: Performance 
resiliency: Performance 
resin: material 
resinous: FormValue 
resiny: FormValue 
resist: withstand 
resistant: able 
resister: human 
resistibility: Ability 
resistible: able 
resistive: resist 
resistivity: Ability 
resistless: impossible 
resistor: part 
resit: exam 
resold: sell 
resoluble: able 
resolute: resolute 
resolutely: resolute 
resolutive: able 
resolvable: able 
resolvent: chemical 
resonance: phenomena 
resonant: loud 
resonate: respond 
resonator: tool 
resorb: absorb 
resorcinol: chemical 
resorcinolphthalein: material 
resorption: absorb 
resort: request 
resounding: loud 
resource: material 
resourceful: many 
resourcefulness: Wisdom 
respect: respect 
respectably: ish 
respected: glorious 
respectful: polite 
respectfully: polite 
respectfulness: polite 
respecting: FuncWord 
respective: InSequence 
respectively: individual 
respirable: possible 
respiration: respire 
respirator: tool 
respire: respire 
respite: cease 
resplendence: Resplendence 
resplendency: magnificent 
resplendent: magnificent 
resplendently: magnificent 
respondence: respond 
respondent: reply 
responder: human 
response: result 
responsibility: duty 
responsible: careful 
responsibleness: duty 
responsibly: careful 
responsive: respond 
responsiveness: respond 
restart: start 
restate: explain 
restatement: explain 
restaurant: InstitutePlace 
restauranter: human 
restaurateur: human 
restenosis: phenomena 
restfully: peaceful 
restfulness: peaceful 
restitute: BeRecovered 
restive: difficult 
restlessly: rash 
restlessness: uneasy 
restock: store 
restorable: able 
restorative: physical 
restorer: human 
restrainable: able 
restrained: disciplined 
restricted: delimit 
restriction: restrain 
restrictive: strict 
restrictiveness: Property 
restroom: facilities 
restructure: forming 
restudy: study 
result: result 
resultant: chemical 
resultful: effective 
resumable: able 
resumptive: general 
resurge: BeRecovered 
resurgent: BeRecovered 
resurrection: BeRecovered 
ret: soak 
retailer: human 
retain: obstruct 
retainer: human 
retake: TakeBack 
retaliation: revenge 
retaliative: able 
retaliatory: able 
retard: SlowDown 
retardant: chemical 
retardation: delay 
retarded: foolish 
retch: vomit 
retell: speak 
retetion: disease 
rethink: think 
reticent: unsociable 
reticently: unsociable 
reticular: netlike 
reticulation: shape 
reticule: tool 
reticulum: part 
retina: part 
retinal: chemical 
retinene: chemical 
retinitis: disease 
retinoblastoma: disease 
retinol: material 
retinopathy: disease 
retinue: community 
retire: cease 
retired: cease 
retiree: human 
retirement: cease 
retiring: cease 
retool: adjust 
retort: tool 
retortion: revenge 
retouch: repeat 
retrace: GoBack 
retract: remove 
retractable: able 
retractation: remove 
retractive: CausePartMove 
retranslate: translate 
retranslation: translate 
retransmit: disseminate 
retread: repair 
retreat: route 
retrench: subtract 
retrial: interrogate 
retrieve: LookFor 
retro: able 
retroaction: Strength 
retrocede: GoBack 
retrocession: GoBackward 
retrodirective: backward 
retrofit: repair 
retroflex: roll 
retrogressive: BeRecovered 
retronym: expression 
retroreflector: part 
retrospect: LookBack 
retrospective: LookBack 
retrovert: BeRecovered 
retrovirus: bacteria 
returnable: able 
returnless: GoBack 
reunification: merge 
reunify: merge 
reunion: ComeTogether 
reunite: ComeTogether 
reusable: able 
reuse: use 
Reuters: institution 
Reutlingen: place 
revaluation: BecomeMore 
revalue: BecomeMore 
revamp: repair 
revanchism: thinking 
revascularization: build 
reveal: reveal 
revelation: reveal 
revelator: human 
revelatory: reveal 
revelry: fact 
revenge: revenge 
revengeful: able 
reverberant: sound 
revere: respect 
reverence: respect 
reverend: human 
reverent: stately 
reverential: glorious 
reverently: faithful 
reversal: reverse 
reversibility: Ability 
reversible: able 
reversibly: able 
revert: BeRecovered 
revertible: able 
revertion: BeRecovered 
revet: cover 
revetement: facilities 
revetment: facilities 
reviewer: human 
revil: ExpressAgainst 
reviler: human 
revisal: alter 
revise: MakeBetter 
reviser: human 
revisionism: thinking 
revisit: tour 
revisory: amend 
revitalisation: BeRecovered 
revitalise: resume 
revitalize: resume 
revivable: able 
revival: resume 
revivification: BeRecovered 
reviviscence: BeRecovered 
reviviscent: BeRecovered 
revocable: able 
revocation: GoBackward 
revocatory: remove 
revolt: uprise 
revolting: able 
revoltingly: able 
revolution: rotate 
revolutionise: ize 
revolutionist: human 
revolutionization: ize 
revolutionize: ize 
revolving: rotate 
revulsion: mishap 
revulsive: guide 
reward: tool 
rewind: coil 
rewire: arrange 
reword: speak 
rewrite: write 
Reykjavik: place 
Rh: metal 
rhabdovirus: bacteria 
rhachiokyphosis: human 
rhachitis: disease 
rhapsodic: joyful 
rhapsodise: speak 
rhapsodize: speak 
rhapsody: music 
rhegma: FormChange 
Rhein: waters 
Rheine: place 
rhembasmus: dizzy 
rhenium: metal 
rheometer: tool 
rheoscope: tool 
rhesus: beast 
rhetoric: text 
rhetorical: interesting 
rheum: fever 
rheumatism: disease 
rheumatology: knowledge 
rheumy: disease 
rhinal: part 
Rhine: waters 
rhinitis: disease 
rhino: beast 
rhinoceros: beast 
rhinolaryngolog: knowledge 
rhinoplasty: fact 
rhinosalpingitis: disease 
rhinoscope: tool 
rhinotracheitis: disease 
rhizome: part 
Rhode: place 
Rhodesia: place 
rhodium: metal 
rhododendron: FlowerGrass 
rhomb: image 
rhombencephalon: part 
rhombus: image 
rhonchus: phenomena 
rhumba: recreation 
rhymes: sound 
rhymist: human 
rhysema: trace 
rhythm: Pattern 
rhythmic: regular 
rhythmically: regular 
rhytidectomy: cut 
rhytidoplasty: cut 
rhyzoid: part 
RI: place 
Rial: money 
riata: tool 
ribaldary: lascivious 
ribaldry: vulgar 
riband: fittings 
ribbonwood: tree 
riboflavin: medicine 
ribonuclease: part 
ribonucleic: part 
ribose: part 
rice: material 
ricebird: bird 
richly: rich 
ricin: physical 
rick: wounded 
rickets: disease 
ricksha: LandVehicle 
rickshaw: LandVehicle 
ricochet: jump 
rid: disconnect 
ridable: able 
riddle: problem 
ride: TakeVehicle 
rideau: land 
rider: human 
ridge: shape 
ridgepiece: part 
ridgepole: part 
ridicule: mock 
ridiculous: interesting 
ridiculously: interesting 
riding: fight 
Riel: money 
rife: extensive 
riff: read 
riffraff: human 
rig: tool 
Riga: place 
rigescence: stiff 
rigescent: stiff 
right: adjust 
Right: community 
righteous: righteous 
righteously: righteous 
rightful: fair 
rightish: standpoint 
rightist: human 
rightly: correct 
rigid: strict 
rigidify: ize 
rigidly: strict 
rigidness: Adaptability 
rigor: strict 
rigorous: strict 
rigorously: strict 
rigorousness: Effortfulness 
rigour: strict 
Rikaze: place 
rikishi: human 
rile: mix 
rill: waters 
rime: sound 
rims: part 
rinderpest: disease 
ring: tool 
Ringgit: money 
ringlike: round 
rings: SportTool 
ringside: part 
ringtones: sound 
ringworm: disease 
rink: facilities 
rinse: wash 
Rio: place 
riotously: exuberant 
riparian: land 
ripe: ripe 
ripen: ripe 
ripeness: Ripeness 
ripening: ripe 
riposte: attack 
ripper: human 
ripple: wave 
rippled: curved 
rise: prosper 
riskiness: Circumstances 
rite: fact 
ritual: fact 
ritualise: ize 
ritualistic: fact 
ritualize: ize 
rivalrousness: aspiration 
rivalry: HaveContest 
rive: FormChange 
river: waters 
riverbank: land 
riverbed: part 
rivers: waters 
riveting: fasten 
Riviera: place 
rivulet: waters 
Riyadh: place 
Rizhao: place 
RMB: money 
RNA: part 
RNAi: fact 
roach: InsectWorm 
road: route 
roadbed: part 
roadblock: facilities 
roader: human 
roadless: exist 
roadman: human 
roadside: location 
roam: walk 
Roanoke: place 
roarer: human 
roaring: sound 
rob: rob 
robber: human 
robin: bird 
robophilia: fact 
robot: implement 
robotics: knowledge 
robust: sturdy 
robustious: peaceful 
robustness: Physique 
roc: bird 
Roche: InstitutePlace 
Rochester: place 
rockery: land 
rocketeer: human 
rockfish: fish 
Rockford: place 
rocklike: hard 
rodent: beast 
Rodez: place 
roentgen: Unit 
roentgenogram: image 
roentgenographic: fact 
roentgenography: fact 
roentgenoscope: tool 
rogue: human 
roguery: Behavior 
roguishness: Behavior 
roil: mix 
roister: drink 
roleplay: RegardAs 
rollback: BecomeLess 
roller: tool 
rollerblading: exercise 
rollick: recreation 
rolling: press 
rollout: display 
ROM: part 
Roma: human 
romance: text 
Romania: place 
Romanian: RelatingToCountry 
Romanise: ize 
Romanize: ize 
romantic: passionate 
romantically: passionate 
romanticise: excite 
romanticism: thinking 
romanticization: excite 
romanticize: excite 
Rome: place 
Rommel: human 
rondo: music 
roneo: print 
Roneo: tool 
Roneograph: tool 
rong: place 
Rong: surname 
Rongcheng: place 
roof: part 
roofing: part 
roofless: miserable 
rooftop: part 
rook: cheat 
rookie: human 
room: space 
roomer: human 
roomful: NounUnit 
roominess: Size 
roommate: human 
roomy: broad 
Roosevelt: human 
rooster: bird 
root: Source 
rooters: community 
rootle: push 
rope: tool 
ropedancer: human 
ropewalker: human 
ropeway: route 
ropmp: recreation 
Roppongi: place 
rose: FlowerGrass 
Rose: Name 
rosefinch: bird 
rosemary: FlowerGrass 
Rosenheim: place 
rosette: mark 
rosin: material 
roster: account 
Rostock: place 
rosy: red 
rot: OutOfOrder 
Rotarian: human 
rotary: rotate 
rotation: rotate 
rotavirus: bacteria 
rote: study 
rotenone: chemical 
rotl: Unit 
rotor: part 
rotter: human 
Rotterdam: place 
rotund: fat 
rotunda: building 
rotundity: round 
rouble: money 
Rouble: money 
Rouen: place 
rouge: tool 
roughcast: part 
roughen: ize 
roughhouse: recreation 
roughly: roughly 
roughneck: human 
roughshod: fierce 
roulette: fact 
Roumania: place 
roundabout: tool 
roundish: round 
roundly: frank 
roundness: round 
roundup: text 
roundworm: InsectWorm 
roused: excited 
Rousseau: human 
router: part 
routine: regulation 
routinism: Behavior 
rove: roam 
roving: material 
rowan: tree 
rowanberry: fruit 
rowboat: ship 
rowdy: human 
rower: human 
rowing: fact 
rowlock: part 
royal: SourceValue 
royalist: human 
royalty: regulation 
Rp: money 
Ruan: surname 
Ruanda: place 
rubberise: apply 
rubberize: apply 
rubberneck: look 
rubbers: clothing 
rubbing: material 
rubbish: waste 
rubble: part 
rubella: disease 
rubeola: disease 
rubicon: mark 
Rubicon: place 
rubicund: red 
rubidium: metal 
rubify: AlterColor 
Rubl: money 
rubric: AlterColor 
rubricate: AlterColor 
ruby: material 
ruck: FormChange 
ruckle: FormChange 
rucksack: tool 
rudder: part 
ruddle: AlterColor 
ruddy: red 
rude: vulgar 
rudely: vulgar 
rudiment: knowledge 
rudimental: elementary 
rueful: repent 
ruff: TakeAway 
ruffle: MakeTrouble 
Rufiyaa: money 
rug: tool 
Rugao: place 
rugby: SportTool 
rugged: rugged 
ruggedisation: ize 
ruggedise: ize 
ruggedization: ize 
ruggedize: ize 
Ruhr: waters 
Rui: surname 
Ruian: place 
Ruichang: place 
Ruijin: place 
Ruili: place 
ruination: damage 
ruins: place 
rule: tool 
rulebased: PerformanceValue 
ruler: tool 
rum: alcohol 
Rumania: place 
rumble: MakeSound 
rumbustious: peaceful 
rumen: part 
ruminant: animal 
ruminative: think 
rummage: LookFor 
rummy: human 
rumple: FormChange 
rumpus: MakeTrouble 
runnel: waters 
running: continuous 
runtiness: StatureShort 
runway: part 
rupee: money 
rupture: FormChange 
rural: place 
ruralist: human 
rusk: food 
russet: red 
Russia: place 
rusticate: reside 
rustication: reside 
rusticity: vulgar 
rustle: sound 
rusty: unable 
rut: trace 
rutabaga: part 
ruthenium: metal 
ruthful: repent 
ruthfulness: emotion 
ruthless: fierce 
ruthlessness: fierce 
rutile: stone 
rutin: medicine 
Ruyan: surname 
ruyi: tool 
Rwanda: place 
Rwandan: RelatingToCountry 
rye: crop 
Ryukyu: land 
Sa: surname 
Sabbath: time 
sabbatical: time 
saber: weapon 
sabotage: damage 
saboteur: human 
sabre: weapon 
sac: part 
saccharase: material 
saccharic: chemical 
saccharide: chemical 
saccharification: ize 
saccharify: ize 
saccharin: material 
saccharine: material 
saccharomycete: bacteria 
saccharose: material 
sachem: human 
sackcloth: material 
sacker: human 
sackful: NounUnit 
saclike: FormValue 
sacrament: HighRank 
sacramental: HighRank 
sacramento: place 
sacred: HighRank 
sacrifice: livestock 
sacrificial: abandon 
sacrilege: PlayDown 
sacristy: room 
sacrosanct: HighRank 
sacrum: part 
sad: sorrowful 
sadden: sorrowful 
saddened: EmotionalityValue 
saddle: tool 
sadistic: human 
sadly: sorrowful 
sadness: sorrowful 
Safar: time 
safari: tour 
safebreaker: human 
safecracker: human 
safeguard: protect 
safelight: tool 
safely: safe 
safeness: Safety 
safety: Safety 
safflower: FlowerGrass 
sag: MoveItDown 
saga: text 
sagacious: wise 
sagaciously: wise 
sagaciousness: wise 
sagacity: wise 
sagebrush: FlowerGrass 
sagely: wise 
sageness: wise 
saggy: loose 
Sahara: place 
Saharan: place 
Saigon: place 
sail: VehicleGo 
sailboard: SportTool 
sailboarding: fact 
sailboating: fact 
sailfish: fish 
sailplane: aircraft 
saintdom: Status 
sainted: benevolent 
sainthood: Status 
saintlike: benevolent 
saintliness: benevolent 
saintly: benevolent 
saittoon: tool 
Sakata: place 
sake: reason 
saker: bird 
saki: alcohol 
Sakyamuni: human 
salability: Ability 
salable: suitable 
salacious: lascivious 
salaciously: lascivious 
salaciousness: lascivious 
salacity: lascivious 
salad: food 
salamander: tool 
salami: food 
salangid: fish 
salaried: able 
salbutamol: chemical 
sale: sell 
saleable: suitable 
Salem: place 
saleman: human 
saleroom: room 
sales: Circumstances 
salesclerk: human 
salesgirl: human 
saleslady: human 
salesman: human 
salesmanship: sell 
salesperson: human 
saleswoman: human 
salicylate: chemical 
salience: part 
saliency: part 
salient: lucid 
Salinas: place 
salinate: add 
salinity: Concentration 
Salisbury: place 
saliva: part 
salivary: part 
sallow: yellow 
sallowish: yellow 
sally: split 
salmon: fish 
Salmon: waters 
salmonella: bacteria 
salmonellosis: disease 
salon: InstitutePlace 
salpingectomy: fact 
salpingitis: disease 
salt: cook 
SALT: fact 
saltant: jump 
saltate: jump 
saltation: jump 
saltatorial: jump 
saltatory: jump 
saltern: InstitutePlace 
saltiness: Taste 
saltish: salty 
saltness: Taste 
saltpeter: chemical 
saltpetre: chemical 
saltus: cease 
saltwater: water 
saltworks: InstitutePlace 
salty: salty 
salubrious: advantageous 
salubriousness: advantageous 
salubrity: advantageous 
salutary: advantageous 
salutational: SayHello 
salvable: able 
Salvador: place 
Salvadorean: RelatingToCountry 
salvage: rescue 
salvation: rescue 
salve: medicine 
salver: tool 
salvor: human 
Salzgitter: place 
samara: part 
samarium: metal 
samarskite: stone 
samba: fact 
same: alike 
sameness: Uniformity 
Samoa: place 
samovar: tool 
sampan: ship 
sample: try 
samsara: circulate 
Samsung: InstitutePlace 
samurai: human 
San: place 
sanatarium: InstitutePlace 
sanatorium: InstitutePlace 
sanctify: respect 
sanctimonious: dishonest 
sanctimoniousness: dishonest 
sanctimony: dishonest 
sanction: punish 
sanctity: benevolent 
sanctuary: InstitutePlace 
sanctum: facilities 
sand: stone 
sandal: clothing 
sandals: clothing 
sandbag: tool 
sandbank: land 
sandbar: land 
sandglass: tool 
sandiness: PropertyValue 
sandpiper: bird 
sandpit: part 
sands: land 
sandstone: stone 
sandstorm: wind 
sandwich: food 
sandwichman: human 
sandworm: InsectWorm 
sandy: PropertyValue 
sane: sensible 
saneness: healthy 
Sang: surname 
Sangho: language 
Sangraal: tool 
sanguinary: fierce 
sanguine: red 
sanguineness: red 
sanguineous: PropertyValue 
sanguinolent: PropertyValue 
sanies: part 
sanitary: spotless 
sanitate: provide 
sanitation: Cleanness 
sanitisation: ize 
sanitise: ize 
sanitization: ize 
sanitize: ize 
sanity: healthy 
Sanmenxia: place 
Sanskrit: language 
santarium: InstitutePlace 
Santiago: place 
santonin: medicine 
Sanya: place 
sap: Life 
Saphar: time 
sapience: wise 
sapless: decline 
sapling: tree 
saponaceous: sly 
saponification: ize 
saponifier: chemical 
saponify: ize 
saponin: chemical 
saporous: GoodTaste 
sapour: Style 
sapper: human 
sapphire: material 
Sapporo: place 
sappy: sturdy 
sapraemia: disease 
saprobe: animate 
saprobic: animate 
saprophytic: PropertyValue 
saptter: disperse 
Sarajevo: place 
sarcoma: disease 
sarcoptes: InsectWorm 
sardine: fish 
sardonic: unfriendly 
saree: clothing 
sari: clothing 
sarin: gas 
sarira: treasure 
Sarkozy: human 
sarong: clothing 
SARS: disease 
Sasebo: place 
sash: fittings 
sashay: SelfMove 
Sask: place 
Saskatchewan: place 
Saskatoon: place 
sass: refute 
sassing: refute 
SAT: fact 
Sat: time 
Satan: humanized 
sate: CauseToDo 
satellite: celestial 
satiable: able 
satiation: BeFull 
satiety: BeFull 
satin: material 
satiny: polished 
satiric: unfriendly 
satirical: unfriendly 
satirise: mock 
satirist: human 
satirize: mock 
satis: qualified 
satisfactorily: able 
satisfactory: able 
satisfiable: able 
satisfice: CauseToDo 
satisfied: satisfied 
satisfying: able 
satoimo: food 
satsuma: fruit 
saturable: able 
saturated: SituationValue 
saturation: StateChange 
Saturday: time 
Saturn: celestial 
saturnalia: fact 
saturnine: FeelingByBad 
saturnism: disease 
satyr: human 
satyriasis: human 
sauce: material 
saucepan: tool 
saucer: tool 
sauciness: beautiful 
sauerkraut: food 
saunter: walk 
saunterer: human 
saury: fish 
sausage: food 
saute: cook 
savagely: fierce 
savagism: Behavior 
savanna: land 
savannah: land 
savant: human 
Savarnah: place 
saveloy: food 
saviour: human 
savory: GoodTaste 
savour: Style 
savoury: GoodTaste 
savoy: part 
savvy: clever 
sawblade: part 
sawbones: human 
sawder: please 
sawdust: waste 
sawed: break 
sawfly: InsectWorm 
sawn: break 
sawtooth: part 
sax: MusicTool 
saxhorn: MusicTool 
saxifrage: FlowerGrass 
saxophone: MusicTool 
saxophonist: human 
say: speak 
saying: expression 
sayonara: expression 
Sb: metal 
Sc: metal 
SC: place 
scabrous: coarse 
scabrously: coarse 
scabrousness: coarse 
scadalous: disgraced 
scaffold: facilities 
scaffolder: human 
scaffolding: facilities 
scag: drug 
scagliola: stone 
scalable: able 
scalage: estimate 
scalariform: FormValue 
scalawag: human 
scalding: hot 
scale: waste 
scaler: human 
scales: tool 
scallopine: food 
scallopini: food 
scalpel: tool 
scaly: rugged 
scammer: human 
scampi: food 
scampish: despicable 
scampishness: human 
scandalisation: slander 
scandalise: slander 
scandalization: slander 
scandalize: slander 
scandalizer: human 
scandalously: disgraced 
scandalousness: disgraced 
scandium: metal 
scandlize: disgust 
scanner: tool 
scantily: few 
scantiness: few 
scantness: few 
scape: part 
scapegoat: human 
scapula: part 
scarab: InsectWorm 
scarce: few 
scarcely: rarely 
scarceness: insufficient 
scared: fear 
scarify: AlterMeasurement 
scarlatina: disease 
scarlet: red 
scarper: flee 
scary: able 
scat: cry 
scathing: severe 
scatology: fact 
scatterd: PropertyValue 
scattered: unattached 
scavenge: clean 
scavenger: human 
scenarist: human 
scend: GoUp 
scene: Scene 
scenic: beautiful 
scent: tool 
scented: fragrant 
sceptic: human 
sceptical: doubt 
scepticism: thinking 
schedule: plans 
schema: text 
schematisation: ize 
schematise: ize 
schematization: ize 
schematize: ize 
scheme: plans 
schemer: human 
scheming: thinking 
schemingly: clever 
schism: separate 
schist: stone 
schistosome: InsectWorm 
schistosomiasis: disease 
schizogony: fact 
schizophrenia: disease 
schlep: pull 
schlock: artifact 
schmaltzy: passionate 
schmalzy: passionate 
schmoose: talk 
schmooze: talk 
schnorr: cheat 
scholarliness: Bearing 
scholarly: knowledge 
scholasticism: method 
schoolbag: tool 
schoolbook: readings 
schoolboy: human 
schoolchild: human 
schoolchildren: human 
schooldays: time 
schoolfellow: human 
schoolgirl: human 
schoolhouse: house 
schooling: knowledge 
schoolmarm: human 
schoolmaster: human 
schoolmate: human 
schoolmistress: human 
schoolroom: room 
schooltime: time 
schoolwide: wholly 
schoolwork: fact 
schottische: shows 
Schubert: human 
schuss: exercise 
Schutzstaffel: institution 
schwa: sound 
schwarzwald: place 
Schweinfurt: place 
Schweiz: place 
Schwerin: place 
sciatica: disease 
science: knowledge 
scientifically: consistent 
scientist: human 
scientize: ize 
Scientology: knowledge 
scintilla: Amount 
scintillate: spread 
scission: cut 
scissor: break 
scissors: tool 
scissortail: bird 
scissure: location 
sclera: part 
sclerema: disease 
scleritis: disease 
scleroderma: disease 
sclerodermia: disease 
scleroiritis: disease 
scleroma: inanimate 
scleroprotein: part 
sclerosis: ize 
sclerotic: stiff 
sclerotium: part 
scoffingly: unfriendly 
scofflaw: human 
scold: ExpressAgainst 
scolding: ExpressAgainst 
scoop: tool 
scoopful: NounUnit 
scoot: run 
scooter: LandVehicle 
scope: Range 
scorched: FormChange 
scorching: hot 
scoreboard: tool 
scorecard: tool 
scorekeeper: human 
scorer: human 
scorify: separate 
scorn: despise 
scornful: despise 
Scorpio: KindValue 
scorpion: InsectWorm 
Scot: human 
Scotch: place 
scotchman: human 
Scotland: place 
scotograph: image 
scotsman: human 
Scottish: place 
scoundrelly: despicable 
scoundrels: human 
scour: wash 
scourer: human 
scouse: food 
scout: check 
Scout: community 
scowl: CausePartMove 
SCR: tool 
scrabble: draw 
scrag: kill 
scraggy: rugged 
scraggyly: rugged 
scramble: speak 
scrambler: LandVehicle 
scranch: MakeSound 
scrannel: cacophonic 
scrapbook: account 
scrape: rub 
scrapper: human 
scrappy: incomplete 
scratchy: vague 
scraunch: MakeSound 
scrawl: write 
scrawler: human 
scrawny: bony 
screak: MakeSound 
screakily: SoundVolumeValue 
scream: sound 
screamer: human 
screaming: sound 
screecher: human 
screeching: sound 
screening: perform 
screenplay: publications 
screenwriter: human 
screwdriver: tool 
scribble: write 
scribbler: human 
scribe: copy 
scrimmage: rub 
scrimp: shrink 
scrimshank: despise 
script: trace 
scripts: Pattern 
scriptwriter: human 
scrofula: disease 
scroll: reverse 
scrooge: human 
scrotal: part 
scrotum: part 
scrounge: cheat 
scrubs: clothing 
scrubwoman: human 
scruff: part 
scrum: HaveContest 
scrunch: sit 
scrupulosity: worried 
scrupulous: careful 
scrupulously: cautious 
scrupulousness: careful 
scrutable: able 
scrutinise: check 
scrutinization: check 
scrutinize: look 
scrutiny: check 
scry: guess 
scuba: tool 
scud: run 
scuff: walk 
scuffle: fight 
scuffs: clothing 
sculler: human 
scullion: human 
sculpt: carve 
sculptor: human 
sculptress: human 
sculpture: image 
sculpturer: human 
scup: fish 
scupper: hide 
scurf: waste 
scurry: walk 
scurvily: despicable 
scurvy: disease 
scuttle: walk 
scuttlebutt: text 
scyphus: tool 
scythe: tool 
SDI: facilities 
SDR: rights 
se: MusicTool 
sea: waters 
seabase: facilities 
seabased: PerformanceValue 
seabeach: land 
seabed: part 
seaborne: location 
seabuckthorn: fruit 
seafood: food 
seagull: bird 
seal: mark 
SEAL: part 
sealant: material 
sealift: transport 
seam: trace 
seamanship: knowledge 
seamy: wicked 
seaplane: aircraft 
seaport: facilities 
seapower: Power 
seaquake: mishap 
sear: burn 
searcher: human 
searchlight: tool 
seascape: Scene 
seashore: land 
seasickness: dizzy 
seasonable: suitable 
seasonal: PropertyValue 
seasonality: Property 
seasoned: able 
seasoning: material 
seat: location 
seatbelt: part 
Seattle: place 
seawall: facilities 
seaward: location 
seawater: water 
seaway: route 
seaweed: AlgaeFungi 
sebastodes: fish 
seborrhea: disease 
sebum: physical 
secant: location 
secern: distinguish 
secernate: distinguish 
secessionist: human 
seckel: fruit 
seclusion: separate 
secondarily: secondary 
secondary: secondary 
seconder: human 
secondhand: used 
secondment: endorse 
secpar: Unit 
secrecy: KeepSilence 
secret: information 
secretaire: furniture 
secretarial: human 
Secretariat: part 
secretariat: part 
secretiveness: KeepSilence 
secretly: covert 
sect: part 
sectarian: human 
sectarianism: thinking 
section: separate 
sectional: PropertyValue 
sectionalisation: separate 
sectionalise: separate 
sectionalism: thinking 
sectionalization: separate 
sectionalize: separate 
sector: shape 
secular: community 
secularisation: BeRecovered 
secularise: BeRecovered 
secularization: BeRecovered 
secularize: BeRecovered 
securable: able 
secure: steady 
sedation: ize 
sedentary: sit 
sedge: FlowerGrass 
sedition: fact 
sedulity: diligent 
sedulous: diligent 
sedulously: diligent 
sedulousness: diligent 
seedbed: land 
seeder: machine 
seediness: Appearance 
seedling: plant 
seedman: human 
seedsman: human 
seedy: wicked 
seel: shut 
Seeland: land 
seem: BeSimilar 
seeming: FuncWord 
seemingly: FuncWord 
seemly: proper 
seep: soak 
seepage: leak 
seersucker: material 
seesaw: tool 
seethe: StateChange 
seething: strong 
segment: separate 
segmental: fragment 
segmentation: separate 
segregate: separate 
segregation: separate 
segue: GoOn 
seiche: mishap 
seigneur: human 
seignior: human 
Seine: waters 
seise: hold 
seism: mishap 
seismaesthesia: experience 
seismic: mishap 
seismograph: tool 
seismology: knowledge 
seize: take 
seizure: rob 
seldom: rarely 
select: select 
selectable: able 
selections: publications 
selective: able 
selectively: able 
selectivity: able 
selector: human 
selenium: chemical 
self: human 
selfie: TakePicture 
selfish: selfish 
selfishly: selfish 
selfishness: Selfishness 
selfless: unselfish 
selflessly: unselfish 
selflessness: unselfish 
selfpropelled: voluntary 
sell: sell 
seller: human 
sellotape: fasten 
Sellotape: tool 
sellout: betray 
semantic: information 
semantically: information 
semanticist: human 
semantics: knowledge 
Semarang: place 
sememe: part 
semen: part 
semester: time 
semiannually: FrequencyValue 
semiautomatic: automatic 
semicarbazide: chemical 
semichorus: fact 
semicolon: symbol 
semicoma: dizzy 
semiconductor: physical 
semiconsciousness: dizzy 
semidiameter: Distance 
semifeudal: system 
semifinal: fact 
semifinished: unprocessed 
semifluid: inanimate 
semiliquid: StateLiquid 
semiliterate: human 
semilunar: curved 
semimonthly: publications 
seminal: creative 
seminested: FormValue 
seminoma: disease 
semiotician: human 
semitone: sound 
semitrance: dizzy 
semitransparency: Clearness 
semivowel: sound 
semiweekly: FrequencyValue 
Senate: institution 
senator: human 
senatorship: Status 
send: send 
Sendai: place 
senesce: grow 
senescent: decline 
senile: frail 
seniority: TimeLength 
Senkakus: land 
senor: human 
senora: human 
senorita: human 
sensation: experience 
sensational: excite 
sensibilise: CauseToDo 
sensibilities: emotion 
sensibility: Quickwittedness 
sensibilize: CauseToDo 
sensibleness: experience 
sensibly: wise 
sensitise: ize 
sensitively: clever 
sensitization: ize 
sensitize: ize 
sensitizer: chemical 
sensitometer: tool 
sensor: part 
sensual: able 
sensualise: entice 
sensualize: entice 
sentence: time 
sentience: animate 
sentiment: emotion 
sentimentalisation: excite 
sentimentalise: passionate 
sentimentality: passionate 
sentimentalization: excite 
sentimentally: passionate 
sentimentise: CauseToDo 
sentimentize: CauseToDo 
sentinel: human 
sentry: human 
Seoul: place 
separable: able 
separably: able 
separately: other 
separateness: Peculiarity 
separationism: thinking 
separatism: thinking 
separatist: human 
separator: tool 
separatrix: symbol 
sepsis: disease 
September: time 
septet: fact 
septette: fact 
septicaemia: disease 
septicemia: disease 
septicemic: disease 
sepulchre: facilities 
sequacious: obey 
sequela: phenomena 
sequence: Sequence 
sequent: continuous 
sequential: InSequence 
sequentially: InSequence 
sequestrate: levy 
Serbia: place 
Serbian: tribe 
serendipity: mishap 
serene: quiet 
serenely: peaceful 
serenity: peaceful 
serf: human 
serfdom: system 
serge: material 
sergeant: human 
serialise: ize 
sericterium: part 
serictery: part 
sericulturist: human 
series: part 
serigraph: print 
serine: chemical 
seriocomedy: shows 
serious: strong 
seriously: serious 
seriousness: Seriousness 
sermon: disseminate 
sermonise: disseminate 
serodiagnosis: fact 
serologist: human 
serology: knowledge 
serotherapy: fact 
serow: beast 
serpent: beast 
serpentine: curved 
serrate: FormValue 
serrated: FormValue 
serried: concentrated 
serum: part 
servant: human 
serve: TakeCare 
server: computer 
service: TakeCare 
serviceability: Performance 
serviceableness: Ability 
serviceman: human 
serviette: tool 
servilely: docile 
servility: Activeness 
servo: part 
servomechanism: part 
servosystem: part 
sesensify: CauseToDo 
seta: part 
setaceous: FormValue 
setose: FormValue 
setsquare: tool 
Setswana: language 
settee: furniture 
setter: human 
settled: PropertyValue 
settler: human 
seven: cardinal 
sevener: cardinal 
seventeen: cardinal 
seventeenth: ordinal 
seventh: ordinal 
seventies: AgeValue 
seventieth: ordinal 
seventy: cardinal 
several: some 
severalise: distinguish 
severalize: distinguish 
severally: individual 
severeness: austere 
severity: Degree 
Seville: place 
sewage: water 
sewer: facilities 
sewing: fasten 
sexelance: LandVehicle 
sexily: lascivious 
sexiness: aspiration 
sexist: human 
sexless: indifferent 
sexlessness: SexValue 
sexology: knowledge 
sextant: tool 
sextet: fact 
sextette: fact 
sextuplet: cardinal 
sexual: fact 
sexualise: ize 
sexuality: Sex 
sexualize: ize 
sexually: PropertyValue 
sexy: lascivious 
Seychelles: place 
SGD: money 
Sha: surname 
shabbily: incomplete 
shack: reside 
shackles: tool 
shaddock: fruit 
shades: tool 
shadow: trace 
shadowbox: drill 
shadowed: dark 
shadowgraph: image 
shadowy: dark 
shady: despicable 
shaft: weapon 
shakable: able 
shaker: tool 
Shakespeare: human 
shakeup: forming 
shakiness: shiver 
Shakspere: human 
shaky: shaky 
shall: FuncWord 
shallows: land 
sham: pretend 
shaman: human 
shamanise: ize 
shamanize: ize 
shamble: walk 
shamefaced: shy 
shamefacedness: shy 
shameful: disgraced 
shamefully: disgraced 
shamefulness: disgraced 
shameless: shameless 
shamelessness: shameless 
shammer: human 
shampoo: tool 
shamus: human 
Shandong: place 
Shang: surname 
Shangguan: surname 
Shanghai: place 
Shanghainese: human 
Shanghang: place 
Shanghe: place 
Shangluo: place 
Shangmou: surname 
Shangqiu: place 
Shangyu: place 
Shangzhi: place 
shank: part 
Shanshan: place 
Shantou: place 
shanty: house 
Shanwei: place 
Shanxi: place 
Shanyin: place 
Shao: surname 
Shaoguan: place 
Shaoshan: place 
Shaowu: place 
Shaoxing: place 
shapable: able 
shape: shape 
shaped: formed 
shapeless: unformed 
shapeliness: beautiful 
shapely: symmetrical 
shaping: fact 
shapushapu: food 
shard: part 
share: use 
sharecrop: planting 
sharecropper: human 
shareholder: human 
shareowner: human 
shareware: software 
sharkskin: part 
Sharon: human 
sharp: sudden 
sharpener: tool 
sharper: human 
sharpie: human 
sharply: sudden 
sharpness: Sharpness 
sharpshoot: firing 
sharpshooter: human 
sharpy: human 
shatterproof: able 
shaver: tool 
Shaw: human 
shawl: clothing 
Shawwal: time 
She: surname 
shea: tree 
sheaf: NounUnit 
shear: break 
shearbill: bird 
shearling: part 
shears: tool 
sheathe: cover 
shed: StripOff 
sheen: lights 
sheep: livestock 
sheepcot: facilities 
sheepcote: facilities 
sheepdog: livestock 
sheepfold: facilities 
sheepherder: human 
sheepishness: shy 
sheeplike: docile 
sheepman: human 
sheepmeat: food 
sheepwalk: place 
Sheer: surname 
sheerly: FuncWord 
sheet: tool 
sheeting: material 
Sheffield: place 
sheik: human 
sheikdom: place 
sheikh: human 
sheikhdom: place 
Shekou: place 
shelfful: NounUnit 
shellac: part 
shellack: apply 
sheller: machine 
Shelley: human 
shellfire: firing 
shellfish: fish 
shellproof: able 
shelve: delay 
Shen: surname 
Shenchi: place 
shend: PayAttention 
Sheng: waters 
Shennongjia: place 
Shentu: surname 
Shenyang: place 
Shenze: place 
Shenzhen: place 
shepherder: human 
shepherdess: human 
sherbert: food 
sherbet: food 
Sherbrooke: place 
sherd: part 
sheriff: human 
sherlock: human 
sherry: alcohol 
shew: display 
Shexian: place 
Shi: surname 
Shia: community 
Shiah: community 
shiatsu: fact 
shibboleth: expression 
Shibuya: place 
shieldbug: InsectWorm 
Shifang: place 
shift: time 
shiftily: sly 
shiftiness: Behavior 
shifty: sly 
Shihezi: place 
Shiite: community 
Shijiazhuang: place 
Shijingshan: place 
shikar: engage 
Shikoku: place 
Shilin: place 
shilling: Unit 
shillyshally: delay 
Shilou: place 
shimmer: lights 
shimmering: bright 
shindig: fact 
shindy: fact 
shineless: dark 
shingle: stone 
shinguard: tool 
shininess: lights 
Shinjuku: place 
shinny: crawl 
ship: weapon 
shipbuilding: produce 
shipment: transport 
shipowner: human 
shipper: human 
shipping: transport 
shipshape: neat 
shipway: facilities 
shipwreck: mishap 
shipyard: InstitutePlace 
shiraz: place 
shire: place 
shirk: slack 
shirr: cook 
shirt: clothing 
shirtdress: clothing 
shirting: material 
shirtsleeve: part 
shirttail: part 
shirtwaist: clothing 
shirtwaister: clothing 
Shishi: place 
shite: excrement 
shithead: human 
shitlist: document 
shitwork: affairs 
shivaree: recreation 
shivery: easy 
Shiyan: place 
Shizong: place 
Shizuishan: place 
Shizuoka: place 
shlep: pull 
shlock: artifact 
shmoose: talk 
shmooze: talk 
shnorr: cheat 
shoal: stone 
shoat: livestock 
shock: shiver 
shocked: fear 
shocker: information 
shocking: disgraced 
shockproof: able 
shockwave: phenomena 
shoddily: inferior 
shoddiness: inferior 
shoddy: inferior 
shoe: clothing 
shoebill: bird 
shoeblack: human 
shoebox: tool 
shoehorn: tool 
shoelace: fittings 
shoemaker: human 
shoes: clothing 
shoeshine: wipe 
shoestring: fittings 
shoetree: tool 
shogun: human 
Sholokhov: human 
Shona: language 
shoo: expel 
shoot: TakePicture 
shootboxing: fact 
shooter: human 
shootingrange: facilities 
shootout: fact 
shop: part 
shopboy: human 
shopfolk: human 
shopfront: part 
shopgirl: human 
shopkeeper: human 
shoplift: steal 
shoplifter: human 
shoplifting: fact 
shopman: human 
shopowner: human 
shopper: human 
shopping: buy 
shoppy: human 
shopsoiled: used 
shoptalk: expression 
shopwindow: part 
shore: land 
shorebird: bird 
shoreline: land 
shortbread: food 
shortcake: food 
shortcoming: Demerit 
shorten: subtract 
shorthand: method 
shortlist: undergo 
shortly: soon 
shortness: StatureShort 
shortrange: DistanceValue 
shorts: clothing 
shortsightedness: disease 
shortwave: electricity 
shotgun: weapon 
Shou: surname 
Shouguang: place 
should: FuncWord 
Shouxian: place 
shovel: tool 
shovelboard: fact 
shovelful: NounUnit 
showdown: fight 
showerhead: tool 
showgirl: human 
showiness: magnificent 
showman: human 
showpiece: example 
showtime: time 
shred: split 
shredder: tool 
Shreveport: place 
shrew: human 
shrewd: clever 
shrewdly: clever 
shrewdness: Wisdom 
Shrewsbury: place 
shrieking: sound 
shrike: bird 
shrill: sound 
shrilly: shrill 
shrimp: fish 
shrink: shrink 
shrinkproof: able 
shrinkwrap: wrap 
shrive: listen 
shrivel: decline 
shrivelled: dried 
shroud: hide 
shrub: tree 
shrubbery: tree 
shrug: CausePartMove 
shrunken: dented 
shtup: mating 
Shu: waters 
Shuang: surname 
Shuangcheng: place 
Shuangliao: place 
Shuangyashan: place 
shuck: part 
shuffle: mix 
Shui: surname 
shulaibao: shows 
Shulan: place 
shumac: tree 
shun: evade 
Shun: human 
Shunchang: place 
Shunde: place 
shunt: escape 
shunter: human 
Shunyi: place 
Shunzhi: time 
Shuoyang: place 
Shuozhou: place 
shush: ize 
shut: shut 
shutdown: end 
shuttering: tool 
shuttle: ToAndFro 
shuttlecock: SportTool 
Shuyang: place 
shwa: sound 
shy: shy 
shylock: human 
shyness: shy 
shyster: human 
sialolith: stone 
sib: human 
Siberia: place 
Siberian: place 
sibilate: ExpressDissatisfaction 
sibling: human 
Sibos: tribe 
sic: incite 
Sichuan: place 
Sicilia: place 
Sicilian: place 
Sicily: place 
sick: vomit 
sickbay: part 
sickbed: furniture 
sicken: CauseToDo 
sickening: able 
sickeningly: able 
sickish: ill 
sickle: tool 
sickness: disease 
sickroom: room 
sidecar: part 
sidekick: human 
sidelights: news 
sidelong: slanted 
sideman: human 
sidemoney: wealth 
sidenote: part 
siderite: metal 
siderocyte: part 
siderosis: disease 
sideshow: shows 
sideslip: slide 
sidestep: evade 
sideswipe: beat 
sidetrack: disobey 
sidewall: part 
sideward: location 
sidewards: fierce 
sideway: route 
sidewhiskers: part 
sidewipe: bump 
sidle: SelfMove 
SIDS: phenomena 
siege: attack 
Siegen: place 
Siemens: InstitutePlace 
siesta: fact 
sieve: tool 
sievert: Unit 
sift: filter 
sifter: tool 
sigh: sigh 
sight: Scene 
sightless: disable 
sightly: GoodLooking 
sightread: perform 
sightsee: tour 
sightseeing: tour 
sightseer: human 
sightsing: perform 
sigil: tool 
sigmoid: part 
sigmoidectomy: fact 
sigmoidoscope: tool 
sigmoidoscopy: fact 
sign: write 
signage: mark 
signaler: human 
signalisation: express 
signalise: express 
signalization: express 
signalize: express 
signaller: human 
signatory: place 
signer: human 
signet: tool 
signification: information 
significative: substantial 
signify: mean 
signpost: mark 
sika: beast 
Sikh: human 
Sikhism: community 
Sikong: surname 
Sikou: surname 
silent: silent 
silica: stone 
silicify: ize 
silicium: chemical 
silicon: chemical 
silicosis: disease 
silken: polished 
silklike: polished 
silks: material 
silkscreen: print 
silkworm: InsectWorm 
silky: polished 
sillabus: text 
silly: foolish 
silo: facilities 
silva: tree 
silverfish: InsectWorm 
silveriness: white 
silvern: metal 
silverplate: apply 
silversides: fish 
silversmith: human 
silvertip: beast 
silverware: tool 
silverworker: human 
silvery: metal 
silvical: tree 
silviculture: knowledge 
Sima: surname 
Simao: place 
simian: beast 
similar: alike 
similarly: alike 
simile: expression 
Simmons: tool 
simper: laugh 
simple: thrifty 
simpleton: human 
simplex: pure 
simplicity: simple 
simplification: ize 
simplified: simple 
simplism: superficial 
simplistic: simple 
simply: thrifty 
simulant: pretend 
simulator: tool 
simultaneity: simultaneous 
simultaneous: simultaneous 
simultaneously: simultaneous 
simultaneousness: simultaneous 
sin: fact 
SIN: symbol 
Sinai: place 
sinapism: medicine 
since: future 
sincere: honest 
sincerely: earnest 
Sincerely: expression 
sincerely: honest 
Sindelfingen: place 
Sindhi: language 
sine: symbol 
sinecure: affairs 
sinewy: sturdy 
sinful: vicious 
sinfully: guilty 
singalong: fact 
singe: burn 
singer: human 
singharanut: plant 
singleness: Amount 
singles: fact 
singlet: clothing 
singleton: thing 
Singlish: language 
singular: queer 
singularise: AlterProperty 
singularity: Peculiarity 
singularize: AlterProperty 
singularly: queer 
singulness: guilty 
sinister: wicked 
sink: MoveItDown 
sinkage: GoDown 
sinkhole: part 
sinking: GoDown 
sinless: guiltless 
sinner: human 
Sinogram: character 
sinologist: human 
sinology: knowledge 
Sinophile: human 
Sinophobe: human 
sinter: fasten 
sinuosity: curved 
sinuous: curved 
sinusitis: disease 
sip: drink 
Siping: place 
Sir: human 
sir: human 
sire: produce 
siren: tool 
siriasis: fever 
Sirius: celestial 
sirloin: food 
sirocco: wind 
sis: human 
sise: cardinal 
siskin: bird 
siss: ExpressDissatisfaction 
sissified: BehaviorValue 
sissiness: BehaviorValue 
sissyish: BehaviorValue 
sisterhood: Attachment 
sisters: human 
sistership: Attachment 
sistroid: FormValue 
Siswati: language 
sit: sit 
site: location 
sitology: knowledge 
sitter: human 
situ: place 
Situ: surname 
situate: situated 
situation: Circumstances 
SIVD: disease 
six: cardinal 
sixer: cardinal 
sixfold: many 
sixteen: cardinal 
sixteenth: ordinal 
sixth: ordinal 
sixtieth: ordinal 
sixty: cardinal 
sizable: many 
size: Size 
sizeableness: big 
sizing: material 
sizy: concentrated 
sizz: ExpressDissatisfaction 
Sjaelland: land 
skanky: able 
skate: exercise 
skateboard: SportTool 
skateboarder: human 
skateboarding: fact 
skater: human 
skates: SportTool 
skating: exercise 
skeet: fact 
skeleton: text 
sken: look 
skeptical: doubt 
skeptically: doubt 
skepticism: emotion 
sket: disperse 
sketch: text 
skew: slanted 
skewer: tool 
skewness: slanted 
ski: exercise 
skiagram: image 
skiagraph: image 
skidproof: able 
skier: human 
skies: sky 
skiff: ship 
skiffle: music 
skilled: able 
skillet: tool 
skillful: able 
skillfully: able 
skillfulness: Ability 
skim: touch 
skimp: act 
skimpingly: miser 
skimpy: thrifty 
skincare: fact 
skinflint: human 
skinny: bony 
skinpop: addict 
skintight: tight 
skipjack: fish 
skipper: human 
skirl: sound 
skirmisher: human 
skirt: TurnRound 
skis: SportTool 
skitter: walk 
skittish: timid 
skittishly: flighty 
skivvy: do 
skiwear: clothing 
skreak: MakeSound 
skreigh: MakeSound 
skullcap: clothing 
sky: sky 
skydive: exercise 
skydiver: human 
skyjack: control 
skylab: InstitutePlace 
skylight: part 
skyrocket: BecomeMore 
skyscraper: house 
skyscraping: high 
skytrooper: human 
skyward: facing 
slab: material 
slabber: flow 
slabstone: material 
slack: weaken 
slacker: human 
slackly: loose 
slacks: clothing 
slag: waste 
slagheap: shape 
slake: remove 
slalom: fact 
slanderer: human 
slanderous: FriendlinessValue 
slanted: slanted 
slanting: slanted 
slap: beat 
slapdashery: rash 
slapdashly: careless 
slash: symbol 
slat: beat 
slate: stone 
slatey: grey 
slattern: human 
slaty: grey 
slaughter: kill 
slaughterer: human 
slaughterhouse: InstitutePlace 
slaughterous: FondOf 
Slav: human 
slave: human 
slaveholder: human 
slaver: flow 
slavery: system 
slavish: timid 
slavishly: timid 
slavishness: Activeness 
slay: kill 
sleaze: vulgar 
sled: tool 
sledgehammer: tool 
sleekly: polished 
sleep: sleep 
sleepless: ill 
sleeplessness: ill 
sleepsuit: clothing 
sleepwalk: walk 
sleepwalker: human 
sleepwalking: disease 
sleepy: willing 
sleepyhead: human 
sleevelet: fittings 
sleight: dexterous 
slenderise: AlterForm 
slenderize: AlterForm 
sleuth: look 
sleuthhound: livestock 
slicker: material 
slide: tool 
slideway: part 
slighting: PlayDown 
slightly: ish 
slim: LengthLong 
slime: stone 
sliminess: able 
slingshot: tool 
slink: walk 
slip: submit 
slipcase: tool 
slipknot: shape 
slipover: clothing 
slipper: clothing 
slipperiness: Behavior 
slippers: clothing 
slippery: sly 
slipshod: careless 
slipup: result 
slipway: facilities 
slit: split 
slither: slide 
slob: human 
slop: waste 
sloping: slanted 
sloppiness: passionate 
sloppy: sloppy 
slops: waste 
slosh: spray 
slot: tool 
slothful: lazy 
slothfulness: lazy 
slotter: machine 
slouch: lazy 
slough: remove 
sloughy: soft 
Slovakia: place 
sloven: human 
Slovenia: place 
slow: SlowDown 
slowdown: decline 
slowly: slow 
slowness: slow 
slubbing: material 
sludgy: soft 
slue: TurnRound 
slug: weapon 
slugabed: human 
slugfest: beat 
sluggard: human 
slugger: human 
sluggish: wane 
sluicegate: facilities 
sluiceway: facilities 
sluicy: flow 
slumberland: Circumstances 
slumberous: sleep 
slumdweller: human 
slummy: human 
slump: GoDown 
slur: text 
slurp: eat 
slurry: stone 
sluttery: lazy 
sluttish: lascivious 
sly: sly 
slyly: sly 
Sm: metal 
small: StatureShort 
smallish: small 
smallness: StatureShort 
smallpox: disease 
smartly: beautiful 
smasher: human 
smatter: know 
smatterer: human 
smattering: knowledge 
smaze: gas 
smeary: pollute 
smegma: physical 
smell: smell 
smellless: OdorValue 
smelly: stinky 
smelt: burn 
smelter: human 
smeltery: InstitutePlace 
smidge: Amount 
smidgen: Amount 
smidgeon: Amount 
smidgin: Amount 
smile: laugh 
smilingly: laugh 
smiply: FuncWord 
smirk: laugh 
smite: beat 
smithereens: part 
smock: clothing 
smog: CloudMist 
smokechaser: human 
smoked: processed 
smokehelmet: tool 
smoker: human 
smoking: addict 
smooth: soothe 
smoothen: AlterForm 
smoothly: wieldy 
smoothy: food 
smothering: able 
smothery: able 
smouldering: hide 
SMS: affairs 
smudge: trace 
smug: satisfied 
smuggle: transport 
smuggler: human 
smuggling: fact 
smuttiness: lascivious 
Sn: metal 
snacks: edible 
snaffle: rob 
snafu: coil 
snake: SelfMove 
snakebird: bird 
snakehead: fish 
snakelike: FormValue 
snappish: BadTemper 
snappishness: BadTemper 
snapshot: image 
snare: plans 
snarf: steal 
snarl: coil 
snatchy: interrupted 
snazzy: fashionable 
sneak: submit 
sneaker: human 
sneakers: SportTool 
sneakily: covert 
sneakiness: covert 
sneaky: covert 
sned: PutInOrder 
sneer: mock 
sneezy: exhale 
snick: trace 
snicker: laugh 
sniffer: human 
sniffish: despise 
sniffle: inhale 
snifty: arrogant 
snigger: laugh 
sniper: human 
snippet: part 
snippety: incomplete 
snippy: fierce 
snitcher: human 
sniveler: human 
snob: human 
snobbery: unrighteous 
snobbish: unrighteous 
snobbishly: unrighteous 
snobbishness: unrighteous 
snobbism: unrighteous 
snobby: unrighteous 
snog: stroke 
snoop: look 
snooper: human 
snore: sound 
snoring: fact 
snowbank: RainSnow 
snowberry: FlowerGrass 
snowbird: bird 
snowdrift: RainSnow 
snowfield: land 
snowflake: RainSnow 
snowflea: InsectWorm 
snowman: human 
snowmobiler: human 
snowplough: LandVehicle 
snows: RainSnow 
snowshoe: walk 
snowshoes: clothing 
snowslide: mishap 
snowstorm: RainSnow 
snowsuit: clothing 
snubber: human 
snuff: tobacoo 
snuffbox: tool 
snuffle: sound 
snuffy: able 
snuggle: lean 
snugly: cosy 
SO: fact 
so: specific 
soaker: RainSnow 
soapbox: tool 
soar: GoUp 
sob: weep 
soberize: awake 
soberness: dignified 
sobriquet: Name 
soccer: fact 
Sochi: place 
socialisation: ize 
socialise: ize 
socialism: system 
socialistic: system 
sociality: Sociality 
socialization: ize 
societal: group 
society: community 
Society: community 
society: group 
sociobiology: knowledge 
socioeconomic: affairs 
sociolinguistics: knowledge 
sociological: knowledge 
sociologist: human 
sociology: knowledge 
sociometry: knowledge 
sociopath: human 
sociopathic: treacherous 
sociopolitical: affairs 
sock: clothing 
socket: fittings 
socks: clothing 
Socrates: human 
socratic: human 
sod: put 
soda: chemical 
sodality: fact 
soddy: material 
sodium: metal 
sodomise: mating 
sodomite: human 
sodomize: mating 
sodomy: mating 
soever: FuncWord 
sofa: furniture 
Sofia: place 
softback: publications 
softhearted: benevolent 
softish: soft 
softly: LowVoice 
software: software 
SOGO: InstitutePlace 
SOHO: engage 
soil: stone 
soilage: despicable 
soiled: dirty 
soilless: PropertyValue 
soiree: fact 
soja: material 
sojourn: reside 
sol: inanimate 
solanum: part 
solar: celestial 
solarisation: illuminate 
solarise: illuminate 
solarium: room 
solarization: illuminate 
solatium: expenditure 
solderer: human 
soldering: fact 
soldier: human 
soldierlike: brave 
soldierly: brave 
soldiership: knowledge 
soldiery: human 
solecistic: wrong 
solemness: dignified 
solemnify: ize 
solemnisation: congratulate 
solemnise: congratulate 
solemnity: dignified 
solemnization: congratulate 
solemnize: congratulate 
solemnly: stately 
solicitant: human 
solicition: seek 
solicitor: human 
solicitous: ardent 
solicitously: ardent 
solicitude: SayHello 
solid: true 
solidarity: ally 
solidarize: ally 
solidary: ally 
solidification: strengthen 
solidify: strengthen 
solidity: Reliability 
solidus: symbol 
soliloquise: speak 
soliloquist: human 
soliloquize: speak 
solipsism: thinking 
solitaire: material 
solitarily: reside 
solitary: lonely 
solitude: lonely 
solitudinarian: human 
solmizate: sing 
solmization: Behavior 
soloist: human 
solomon: place 
solubiliy: Ability 
solubilization: StateChange 
soluble: able 
solus: alone 
solute: chemical 
solvate: chemical 
solve: scout 
solvency: Ability 
solvent: PropertyValue 
soma: part 
Somali: RelatingToCountry 
Somalia: place 
somatosense: experience 
somatosensory: experience 
somatotrophin: physical 
somatotropin: physical 
somatotype: Kind 
somber: dignified 
somberness: dignified 
sombrely: dark 
some: thing 
somebody: human 
someday: TimingValue 
somehow: DegreeValue 
someone: human 
something: thing 
sometime: time 
sometimes: rarely 
someway: DegreeValue 
someways: DegreeValue 
somewhat: ish 
somewhere: location 
somnambulate: walk 
somnambulation: walk 
somnambulator: human 
somnambulist: human 
somnambulistic: walk 
somniferous: urge 
somniloquism: text 
somniloquist: human 
somniloquous: text 
somniloquy: text 
somnolence: willing 
somnolent: willing 
son: human 
sonant: sound 
sonar: tool 
sonarman: human 
sonata: music 
song: music 
songbird: bird 
songbook: publications 
songful: euphonious 
songfulness: euphonious 
Songshan: place 
songsmith: human 
songstress: human 
songwritter: human 
Songxi: place 
Songyuan: place 
sonic: Speed 
sonnet: text 
sonneteer: human 
sonography: fact 
sonometer: tool 
sonority: loud 
sonorous: loud 
sonorously: loud 
sonsie: fat 
soon: soon 
soot: waste 
sootfall: Amount 
sooth: true 
soothsay: predict 
soothsayer: human 
soothsaying: predict 
sooty: black 
sophism: method 
sophist: human 
sophisticate: forge 
sophistication: Wisdom 
sophisticator: human 
sophistry: method 
sophomore: human 
sopite: sleep 
soporiferous: urge 
soporose: sleep 
sopranist: human 
soprano: sound 
sorbent: chemical 
sorbet: food 
sorbin: chemical 
sorbitol: material 
sorbose: chemical 
sorcerer: human 
sorceress: human 
sorcerise: alter 
sorcerize: alter 
sorcery: method 
sore: strong 
soreness: emotion 
sorgho: crop 
sorghum: crop 
sorgo: crop 
sororal: human 
sorosis: part 
sorrel: yellow 
sorriness: sorrowful 
sorrowful: sorrowful 
Sorry: expression 
sort: Kind 
sortable: able 
sorter: human 
sortie: ActUnit 
sortilege: method 
sorting: classify 
sortition: gamble 
sorus: part 
sot: human 
sottish: dizzy 
sottishness: drink 
soubriquet: Name 
souffle: sound 
sough: MakeSound 
soul: mental 
soulfulness: mental 
soulless: despicable 
soulmate: human 
sounder: tool 
sounding: measure 
soundless: silent 
soundlessness: silent 
soundly: BehaviorValue 
soundman: human 
soundness: Correctness 
soundproof: able 
soundtrack: part 
soup: food 
soupcon: Amount 
soupiness: passionate 
soupspoon: tool 
sour: unfriendly 
sourcrout: food 
sourish: sour 
sourkrout: food 
sourness: Taste 
sourse: dizzy 
sousaphone: MusicTool 
souse: soak 
south: location 
Southampton: place 
southbound: south 
southeast: location 
southeastern: location 
southern: location 
southerner: human 
southernmost: south 
southland: part 
southmost: south 
southpaw: human 
southward: south 
southwards: south 
southwest: location 
southwestern: direction 
southwestward: south 
souvenir: artifact 
souvereignty: rights 
souvlaki: food 
souvlakia: food 
sovable: able 
Soviet: RelatingToCountry 
Sovietism: system 
sow: spread 
sowbread: FlowerGrass 
soyamilk: drinks 
soymilk: drinks 
sozzled: dizzy 
spa: facilities 
spacecraft: aircraft 
spaceflight: affairs 
spacelab: InstitutePlace 
spaceless: extensive 
spaceman: human 
spacer: part 
spaceship: aircraft 
spacesuit: clothing 
spacewalk: walk 
spacing: Distance 
spaciotemporal: space 
spacious: broad 
spaciousness: Size 
spade: tool 
spadeful: NounUnit 
spadiceous: brown 
spaghetti: food 
spaghettini: food 
Spain: place 
spall: part 
Spam: food 
spancel: reverse 
spang: beat 
spangle: decorate 
Spaniard: human 
Spanish: RelatingToCountry 
spank: beat 
spanking: nimble 
spanless: impossible 
spanner: tool 
spareness: sparse 
sparerib: food 
spares: part 
sparge: spray 
sparingly: insubstantial 
sparking: err 
sparkle: illuminate 
sparkling: bright 
sparkplug: TurnOn 
sparrow: bird 
sparry: stone 
sparseness: sparse 
spasm: phenomena 
spasmodic: spasmodic 
spasmodically: spasmodic 
spasmolysis: remove 
spat: quarrel 
spatial: sky 
spatiality: Dimensionality 
spatiotemporal: space 
spavin: disease 
spay: remove 
speakable: able 
speaker: human 
Speaker: human 
speakerphone: tool 
spear: weapon 
spearhead: weapon 
spearmint: FlowerGrass 
special: special 
specialisation: study 
specialism: Ability 
speciality: Peculiarity 
specialization: study 
specially: special 
specialness: Peculiarity 
specialty: Peculiarity 
speciate: distinguish 
specie: money 
species: Kind 
specifiable: able 
specific: specific 
specifically: specific 
specification: Standard 
specificity: Peculiarity 
specified: constant 
specify: delimit 
specimen: example 
speciosity: insubstantial 
specious: wrong 
speck: trace 
speckless: spotless 
spectacles: tool 
spectacular: grand 
spectacularly: grand 
spectate: look 
spectator: human 
specter: humanized 
spectinomycin: medicine 
spectral: phenomena 
spectrograph: tool 
spectrometer: tool 
spectrometry: fact 
spectroradiometer: tool 
spectroscope: tool 
spectrum: phenomena 
specular: tool 
speculate: venture 
speculation: venture 
speculative: sly 
speculator: human 
speeches: text 
speechifier: human 
speechify: speak 
speechless: unable 
speechlessly: silent 
speechlessness: difficult 
speechmaker: human 
speed: VehicleGo 
speedboarding: fact 
speedboat: ship 
speedily: fast 
speedmeter: tool 
speedskater: human 
speedskating: fact 
speedy: fast 
speel: crawl 
spelaeology: knowledge 
speleology: knowledge 
spelling: part 
spelunk: investigate 
sperm: part 
spermary: part 
spermatophyte: plant 
spermatozoon: part 
spew: jet 
sphacelate: ill 
sphacelus: ill 
sphenoid: part 
sphere: shape 
spheric: shape 
spherical: round 
sphericalness: round 
sphericity: round 
spheroid: shape 
sphincter: part 
Sphinx: humanized 
sphinx: InsectWorm 
sphygmomanometer: tool 
spic: spotless 
spices: material 
spiciness: vulgar 
spick: spotless 
spicy: GoodTaste 
spider: InsectWorm 
spigot: part 
spike: tool 
spikes: SportTool 
spillikin: part 
spillikins: fact 
spillover: spill 
spina: part 
spinal: part 
spindrift: water 
spine: part 
spinel: stone 
spinnery: facilities 
spinning: produce 
spinous: FormValue 
spinster: human 
spinsterhood: unmarried 
spiny: FormValue 
spiracle: part 
spiral: part 
spirant: sound 
spire: part 
spirilla: bacteria 
spirillum: bacteria 
spirit: part 
spirited: sturdy 
spiritedness: Life 
spiritless: inactive 
spiritlessness: indifferent 
spirits: alcohol 
spiritual: AttachmentValue 
spiritualisation: ize 
spiritualise: ize 
spiritualism: mental 
spiritualist: human 
spirituality: mental 
spiritualization: ize 
spiritualize: ize 
spiritually: AttachmentValue 
spiritualty: physical 
spirt: jet 
spiteful: wicked 
spitefully: wicked 
spittle: part 
spittoon: tool 
splash: trace 
splashdown: GoDown 
splashguard: part 
splat: MakeSound 
splayfoot: part 
splayfooted: part 
spleenful: BadTemper 
splendent: magnificent 
splendid: magnificent 
splendidly: magnificent 
splendiferous: magnificent 
splenectomy: fact 
splenetic: BadTemper 
splenitis: disease 
splice: connect 
spliff: drug 
splint: wood 
splitting: fact 
splittism: thinking 
splodgy: queer 
splosh: spray 
splotch: trace 
splurge: ShowOff 
spoil: OutOfOrder 
spoilage: damage 
spoiler: human 
spoils: artifact 
spoilsport: human 
spoke: part 
spoken: FormValue 
spokesman: human 
spokesperson: human 
spokeswoman: human 
Spoknae: place 
spoliate: rob 
spoliation: rob 
spondaic: Performance 
spondaise: ize 
spondaize: ize 
spongy: soft 
sponsion: guarantee 
spontaneity: Activeness 
spoof: entice 
spook: frighten 
spool: shape 
spoon: tool 
spoonfeed: teach 
spoonfeeding: fact 
sporadic: rarely 
sporadically: rarely 
sporangium: part 
spore: part 
sporocarp: part 
sporophore: part 
sporophyl: part 
sporophyll: part 
sporophyte: part 
sport: exercise 
sportful: recreation 
sports: fact 
sportscaster: human 
sportsman: human 
sportsmanship: Morality 
sportswear: clothing 
sportswoman: human 
sporulate: reproduce 
spot: trace 
spotless: spotless 
spotlessly: spotless 
spotlight: tool 
spotted: linear 
spotty: coarse 
spotweld: fasten 
spouse: human 
Spratlys: land 
sprawl: CausePartMove 
sprayer: tool 
spreadeagle: defeat 
sprig: decorate 
sprightliness: RiseFall 
sprightly: NotHeavy 
springboard: SportTool 
Springfield: place 
springhead: part 
springtime: time 
springy: flexible 
sprinkle: spray 
sprinlet: waters 
spritz: jet 
spry: nimble 
spud: reproduce 
spue: vomit 
spunk: Courage 
spunky: sturdy 
spur: urge 
spurious: fake 
spurn: abandon 
sputnik: aircraft 
sputum: excrement 
spyhole: part 
spying: fact 
spyware: software 
SqCC: disease 
SQL: language 
squab: bird 
squabble: TalkNonsense 
squadron: part 
squander: lavish 
squandermania: lavish 
square: stiff 
squarely: stiff 
squashy: easy 
squeaker: alive 
squeal: cry 
squealer: human 
squeamish: flighty 
squeamishly: flighty 
squeezable: able 
squelch: restrain 
squiffy: dizzy 
squiggly: curved 
squint: slanted 
squinty: slanted 
squire: human 
squirming: crawl 
squirmy: crawl 
squirrel: beast 
squirt: jet 
squirter: tool 
squish: sound 
squishy: soft 
Sr: metal 
SRC: institution 
SS: institution 
SSE: InstitutePlace 
SSPE: disease 
stabber: human 
stabilise: stabilize 
stabilizator: tool 
stabilize: stabilize 
stableboy: human 
stableman: human 
stableness: Constancy 
stack: shape 
stadium: facilities 
staffer: human 
Stafford: place 
stag: look 
stage: start 
stagecoach: LandVehicle 
stagehand: human 
stager: human 
stagflation: phenomena 
staging: PutInOrder 
stagnancy: cease 
stagnant: inactive 
stagnation: cease 
stagy: affected 
staidly: composed 
staidness: composed 
stainless: metal 
stair: part 
staircase: part 
stairs: part 
stairway: part 
stairwell: part 
staisfise: CauseToDo 
stake: wealth 
stakeholder: human 
stakes: wealth 
stalactite: stone 
stalagmite: stone 
stale: used 
stalemated: difficult 
staleness: used 
Stalin: human 
Stalingrad: place 
Stalinism: system 
stall: TurnOff 
stallion: livestock 
stalls: room 
stamboul: place 
stambul: place 
stamen: part 
stamina: Will 
staminate: male 
stammerer: human 
Stampede: fact 
stampede: mishap 
stanch: obstruct 
stanchion: human 
stand: withstand 
standalone: alone 
standard: tool 
standardisation: ize 
standardise: ize 
standardization: ize 
standardize: ize 
standby: prepare 
standee: human 
standoffish: unsociable 
standoffishly: unsociable 
standoffishness: unsociable 
standpat: regressive 
standpoint: standpoint 
standstill: phenomena 
Stanford: InstitutePlace 
stannane: chemical 
stannate: chemical 
stannic: metal 
stannous: metal 
stapedectomy: fact 
stapes: part 
staphylococcus: bacteria 
staple: fasten 
stapler: tool 
star: undertake 
starboard: part 
Starbucks: InstitutePlace 
stardust: passionate 
stare: look 
starfish: fish 
stargaze: cherish 
starkers: naked 
starkly: complete 
starlight: lights 
starring: famous 
stars: celestial 
starter: tool 
startle: excite 
startling: able 
startlingly: able 
starvation: HungryThirsty 
stash: SetAside 
stasis: disease 
statecraft: Ability 
statehood: Status 
stateless: Nationality 
statelessness: Nationality 
stately: dignified 
statemanship: Ability 
statement: text 
statesman: human 
statesmanlike: BehaviorValue 
statesmanly: BehaviorValue 
statesmanship: Ability 
stateswoman: human 
statewide: wholly 
static: SituationValue 
statical: SituationValue 
statics: knowledge 
statin: medicine 
station: reside 
stationary: change 
stationer: human 
stationing: reside 
stationmaster: human 
statist: human 
statistical: calculate 
stative: SituationValue 
stator: part 
statuary: image 
statue: image 
statuesque: symmetrical 
statuette: image 
statutory: lawful 
stave: stab 
stay: stay 
staycation: pass 
STD: disease 
stead: replace 
steadfast: resolute 
steadfastly: resolute 
steadfastness: Will 
steadily: steady 
steak: food 
steakhouse: InstitutePlace 
steal: steal 
stealer: human 
stealing: steal 
stealth: covert 
stealthily: covert 
stealthiness: covert 
stealthy: covert 
steam: GoUp 
steamboat: ship 
steaming: strong 
steamroller: machine 
steamship: ship 
steamy: gas 
stearate: chemical 
stearic: chemical 
stearin: chemical 
steelmaking: refine 
steels: material 
steelworks: InstitutePlace 
steely: hard 
steelyard: tool 
steep: steep 
steepen: part 
steeple: part 
steeplechase: fact 
steeplejack: human 
steer: drive 
steerage: room 
steerageway: Speed 
steerer: human 
steersman: human 
steganography: method 
stegosaurus: beast 
stein: tool 
stela: shape 
stellate: FormValue 
stelliform: FormValue 
stem: ResultIn 
stemma: Lineage 
stencil: material 
stenograph: record 
stenographer: human 
stenographic: record 
stenographical: record 
stenography: method 
stenosis: phenomena 
stent: tool 
stenting: insert 
stentor: human 
stepdaughter: human 
stepfamily: family 
stepfather: human 
stepladder: tool 
stepmother: human 
stepsister: human 
stepson: human 
stepwise: stepwise 
stereograph: image 
stereophony: sound 
stereoscope: tool 
stereoscopic: tool 
stereotype: tool 
stereotyped: stiff 
stereotypic: stiff 
stereotypical: stiff 
sterility: disease 
sterilize: kill 
sterilized: kill 
sterilizer: tool 
sternal: part 
sternly: strict 
sternness: strict 
sternum: part 
sternutatory: able 
steroid: chemical 
steroidal: chemical 
sterol: part 
stertor: fact 
stet: GoOn 
stethoscope: tool 
stevedore: human 
stibium: metal 
stibnite: stone 
stickiness: Stickiness 
stickle: obey 
stickleback: fish 
stickler: human 
stickpin: fittings 
stickup: rob 
sticky: sticky 
stiff: straight 
stiffen: stabilize 
stiffness: stiff 
stifle: restrain 
stifled: upset 
stifling: stuffy 
stiflingly: hot 
stigma: part 
stigmatic: normal 
stigmatisation: ExpressAgainst 
stigmatise: ExpressAgainst 
stigmatization: ExpressAgainst 
stigmatize: ExpressAgainst 
stilbestrol: physical 
stilboestrol: physical 
still: SituationValue 
stillbirth: disease 
stillborn: disease 
stillroom: room 
stilly: quiet 
stilts: tool 
stimulated: excited 
stimulation: Strength 
stimulative: able 
stimulator: tool 
stinger: part 
stingily: miser 
stinginess: miser 
stingray: fish 
stingy: miser 
stink: stinky 
stinkbug: InsectWorm 
stinker: human 
stinkiness: Odor 
stinking: stinky 
stinky: stinky 
stint: time 
stipendiary: able 
stippler: human 
stipulation: regulation 
stipulatory: MakeAppointment 
stipule: part 
stiring: able 
Stirling: place 
stirrer: machine 
stirrup: tool 
stitchery: fact 
stochastic: unintentional 
stochastical: unintentional 
stock: provide 
stockade: facilities 
stockage: physical 
stockbroker: human 
stockholder: human 
Stockholm: place 
stockily: fat 
stocking: clothing 
stockings: clothing 
stockjobber: human 
stockman: human 
stockpiling: SetAside 
stocktaking: quote 
Stockton: place 
stocky: sturdy 
stoichiometry: Rate 
stoicism: NotQuick 
stoker: human 
stolidity: NotQuick 
stolidness: NotQuick 
stolon: part 
stoma: part 
stomachache: phenomena 
stomachal: part 
stomatal: part 
stomatitis: disease 
stomatological: part 
stomatology: knowledge 
stomatous: part 
stomp: kick 
stonecrop: tree 
stoneless: exist 
stonelike: hard 
stonemason: human 
stonewall: obstruct 
stoneware: tool 
stony: wicked 
stonyhearted: wicked 
stool: tool 
stoolie: human 
stoolpigeon: human 
stooped: disable 
stooper: human 
stooping: disable 
stop: TurnOff 
stope: gather 
stoppable: able 
stopple: part 
stopwatch: tool 
storable: able 
store: store 
storefront: part 
storehouse: facilities 
storekeeper: human 
storeman: human 
storeroom: room 
storey: part 
storied: famous 
stork: bird 
stormy: chaotic 
Stornoway: place 
storyline: part 
storyteller: human 
stouten: ize 
stoutness: fat 
stove: tool 
stovepipe: part 
stow: load 
stowage: facilities 
stowaway: human 
strabismus: disease 
straddle: sit 
straggle: inferior 
straight: straight 
straightarrow: stiff 
straightedge: tool 
straightforward: frank 
straightforwardly: frank 
straightlaced: stiff 
straightness: fact 
straightway: prompt 
strain: wounded 
strained: strong 
strainer: tool 
strait: waters 
straitlaced: stiff 
straits: Circumstances 
Stralsund: place 
strange: unfamiliar 
strangeness: Source 
stranger: queer 
strangle: kill 
stranglehold: restrain 
strangler: human 
strangles: disease 
strangulate: kill 
strangulation: kill 
strap: tool 
strapper: human 
strapping: sturdy 
Strasbourg: place 
strategics: method 
strategist: human 
strategy: plans 
stratification: ize 
stratiform: layered 
stratify: ize 
stratigrapher: human 
stratigraphic: knowledge 
stratigraphical: knowledge 
stratigraphy: knowledge 
stratocumulus: CloudMist 
stratosphere: part 
stratum: Status 
stratus: CloudMist 
straw: tool 
strawberry: fruit 
strawboard: material 
strawman: human 
streambed: part 
streaming: able 
streamlet: waters 
streamlined: FormValue 
streamliner: LandVehicle 
street: route 
streetcar: LandVehicle 
streetlight: facilities 
streetscape: Scene 
streetwalker: human 
streetwise: wise 
strength: Strength 
strenuously: effortful 
strenuousness: Effortfulness 
strep: bacteria 
streptococcal: bacteria 
streptococci: bacteria 
streptococcic: bacteria 
streptococcus: bacteria 
streptomycin: medicine 
stress: Strength 
stressful: upset 
stretch: unfold 
stretcher: tool 
strew: spread 
stria: image 
strian: ize 
strictness: strict 
stricture: ExpressAgainst 
stride: walk 
stridently: noisy 
stridulate: MakeSound 
strife: fight 
strigidae: Kind 
strike: fact 
strikebreaker: human 
striker: part 
striking: attractive 
stringency: strict 
stringent: strict 
stringently: strict 
stringy: material 
strip: tool 
stripe: image 
striped: linear 
stripling: human 
stripper: human 
stripteaser: human 
stroller: LandVehicle 
stroma: part 
stromatin: part 
strong: TasteStrong 
strongbox: tool 
stronghold: facilities 
strongly: strong 
strongman: human 
strontium: metal 
strow: disseminate 
structural: part 
structuralism: thinking 
structuralization: ize 
structuralize: ize 
structuralized: ize 
structure: Pattern 
structured: FormValue 
strudel: food 
struggle: fight 
struggller: human 
strum: recreation 
struma: disease 
strumpet: human 
strut: ShowOff 
strychnine: chemical 
stub: remove 
stubble: part 
stubborn: stubborn 
stubbornly: stubborn 
stubbornness: Obstinacy 
stubby: fat 
studbook: account 
student: human 
studhorse: livestock 
studio: room 
studious: diligent 
studiously: diligent 
stuffed: PropertyValue 
stuffing: material 
stultify: damage 
stuma: emotion 
stumble: walk 
stump: part 
stumpy: fat 
stunned: surprise 
stunning: able 
stuntedness: StatureShort 
stunting: shows 
stupefacient: medicine 
stupefaction: dizzy 
stupefied: stupefied 
stupefy: frighten 
stupendous: big 
stupor: dizzy 
stuporous: dizzy 
sturdily: sturdy 
sturgeon: fish 
stutter: disable 
stutterer: human 
Stuttgart: place 
stye: disease 
style: tool 
styleless: unfashionable 
styler: human 
styliform: pointed 
stylish: fashionable 
stylishly: fashionable 
stylist: human 
stylistics: knowledge 
stylization: ize 
stylize: ize 
stylometry: knowledge 
stylostixis: fact 
stymie: obstruct 
stymy: obstruct 
styrene: chemical 
Styrofoam: chemical 
Styx: waters 
Su: surname 
suasion: persuade 
suasive: able 
suavely: gracious 
suaveness: gracious 
suavity: gracious 
subacid: sour 
subacute: urgent 
subagency: part 
subarea: institution 
subassembly: part 
subcategory: part 
subclass: group 
subclinical: TimingValue 
subcommission: community 
subconscious: unintentional 
subconsciousness: mental 
subcontinent: earth 
subcontractor: human 
subcrust: part 
subcutaneous: location 
subduce: subtract 
subdue: restrain 
subedit: compile 
subfamily: group 
subfunction: expression 
subgroup: part 
subhead: part 
subheading: part 
subject: surrender 
subjectify: explain 
subjection: defeat 
subjective: biased 
subjectively: biased 
subjectiveness: Fairness 
subjectivism: thinking 
subjoin: add 
subjugable: able 
subjugate: defeat 
subjugation: defeat 
sublate: deny 
sublation: deny 
sublease: lend 
sublessor: human 
sublet: lend 
sublethal: unable 
sublieutenant: human 
sublime: noble 
sublingual: location 
sublist: document 
subluxate: wounded 
submaxilla: part 
submerged: location 
submergence: undergo 
subminiature: small 
submissive: docile 
submissively: docile 
submissiveness: docile 
submit: surrender 
submultiple: symbol 
subnormal: LessThanNormal 
subnormality: frail 
suborder: group 
subordinate: part 
subordination: Intimacy 
subornation: GiveAsGift 
suborner: human 
subparagraph: part 
subpart: part 
subphylum: group 
subplot: part 
subprogram: software 
subroutine: software 
subscribe: donate 
subscript: symbol 
subsequence: soon 
subsequent: future 
subsequently: future 
subsequentness: soon 
subserve: urge 
subserviently: docile 
subset: part 
subside: GoDown 
subsidiary: secondary 
subsidies: payment 
subsidization: grant 
subsidize: grant 
subsidy: payment 
subsist: alive 
subsoil: stone 
subsonic: SpeedValue 
subsonics: knowledge 
substance: physical 
substandard: LowRank 
substantiality: Substantiality 
substantially: sufficient 
substantiate: prove 
substantiating: able 
substantiative: able 
substantiator: human 
substantival: part 
substation: facilities 
substitutable: able 
substitute: thing 
substitution: replace 
substitutive: replace 
subsume: contain 
subsystem: software 
subtask: affairs 
subterfuge: reason 
subterranean: location 
subtle: difficult 
subtlety: Abstruseness 
subtly: difficult 
subtotal: AmountTo 
subtrahend: symbol 
subtransparent: clear 
subtropical: part 
subtype: Kind 
suburb: part 
suburban: part 
suburbanise: ize 
suburbanite: human 
suburbanize: ize 
subvention: payment 
subversion: defeat 
subversive: human 
subvert: defeat 
subverter: human 
succedent: soon 
successful: effective 
successfully: effective 
successional: continuous 
successionally: continuous 
successive: continuous 
successively: InSequence 
successiveness: Sequence 
successor: human 
succinct: concise 
succinctly: concise 
succinctness: concise 
succinite: material 
succory: FlowerGrass 
succubae: humanized 
succubi: humanized 
succubus: humanized 
succulent: PropertyValue 
succumb: surrender 
suchlike: KindValue 
suckle: feed 
suckling: AnimalHuman 
sucrose: material 
suction: Strength 
Sudan: place 
Sudanese: RelatingToCountry 
sudate: excrete 
sudation: excrete 
sudden: sudden 
suddenness: sudden 
sue: accuse 
suede: material 
suet: material 
Suez: waters 
sufferable: able 
sufferance: endure 
sufferer: human 
suffering: mishap 
sufferings: phenomena 
sufficiency: Amount 
sufficient: sufficient 
sufficiently: sufficient 
sufficingly: sufficient 
suffixal: part 
suffocated: upset 
suffocation: obstruct 
suffrage: drop 
suffuse: CauseToExist 
suffusion: CauseToExist 
sugar: material 
sugarcane: part 
sugared: sweet 
sugarfree: PropertyValue 
sugary: PropertyValue 
suggestion: thought 
Suharto: human 
Suhl: place 
suicidal: PropertyValue 
Suifenhe: place 
Suihua: place 
Suining: place 
Suiping: place 
Suisse: place 
suit: obey 
suitability: Properness 
suitableness: Properness 
suitably: suitable 
suitcase: tool 
suitecase: tool 
Suixian: place 
Suiyuan: place 
Suizhong: place 
Suizhou: place 
Sukano: human 
Sukarno: human 
sukiyaki: food 
Sulawesi: place 
sulfa: medicine 
sulfadiazine: medicine 
sulfamethazine: medicine 
sulfamezathine: medicine 
sulfanilamide: medicine 
sulfate: chemical 
sulfonamide: medicine 
sulfonate: chemical 
sulfone: chemical 
sulfonium: chemical 
sulfurous: unfriendly 
sulkiness: eccentric 
sulks: emotion 
sullenness: eccentric 
sulpha: medicine 
sulphanilamide: medicine 
sulphate: chemical 
sulphide: chemical 
sulphone: chemical 
sulphuret: chemical 
sulphurous: unfriendly 
sultana: fruit 
sultry: able 
sum: symbol 
sumac: tree 
sumach: tree 
Sumatra: place 
summand: symbol 
summarize: explain 
summate: DoSum 
summation: DoSum 
summer: time 
summerise: prepare 
summerize: prepare 
summertime: time 
summery: time 
summon: call 
sumo: fact 
sumptuously: many 
Sun: surname 
sun: WarmUp 
sunbaked: dry 
sunbathe: WarmUp 
sunbeam: lights 
sunblind: tool 
sunblock: tool 
sunburned: damage 
sunburnt: damage 
sundae: food 
Sunday: time 
Sunderland: place 
sundial: tool 
sundown: GoDown 
sundried: dry 
sundry: various 
sunglasses: tool 
sunhat: clothing 
sunlamp: tool 
sunless: dark 
sunlight: lights 
sunlit: bright 
sunni: community 
Sunnite: community 
sunny: WeatherFine 
sunroof: part 
sunroom: room 
sunscreen: tool 
sunshiny: WeatherFine 
sunspot: part 
sunstroke: fever 
sunstruck: bright 
sunsuit: clothing 
sunup: GoUp 
Suo: surname 
sup: drink 
super: over 
superable: able 
superabundance: many 
superabundant: many 
superadd: add 
superaddition: add 
superannuated: AgeValue 
superannuation: unfashionable 
superbly: BestQuality 
superbug: bacteria 
supercar: LandVehicle 
supercargo: human 
supercenter: InstitutePlace 
supercentre: InstitutePlace 
supercilious: arrogant 
superciliously: arrogant 
superciliousness: arrogant 
superclass: group 
superconduction: phenomena 
superconductivity: phenomena 
superconductor: physical 
supercritical: important 
superdelegate: human 
supereminent: fantastic 
supererogatory: public 
superfamily: group 
superficial: superficial 
superfine: BestQuality 
superfluity: many 
superfluous: text 
superfluously: redundant 
superfood: edible 
superglue: chemical 
superhawk: human 
superheated: over 
superheterodyne: PerformanceValue 
superhighway: route 
superimpose: put 
superincumbent: DirectioningValue 
superinfection: inflamed 
superintelligence: Wisdom 
superintence: supervise 
superintendence: supervise 
superior: part 
superlative: Property 
superman: human 
supermarket: InstitutePlace 
supermarketeer: human 
supermarketer: human 
supermodel: human 
supernaturalism: thinking 
supernaturalist: thinking 
supernaturalistic: thinking 
supernaturally: artificial 
supernormal: abnormal 
superorder: group 
superordinate: part 
superordination: Intimacy 
superpatriotic: thinking 
superphylum: group 
superplasticity: Ability 
superpower: place 
superprofit: wealth 
supersaturated: SituationValue 
supersecret: classified 
supersede: replace 
supersession: replace 
supersonic: SpeedValue 
superstar: human 
superstition: thinking 
superstitious: thinking 
superstorm: wind 
superstructure: system 
supervisory: supervise 
suport: tool 
suppertime: time 
supplant: replace 
supplement: text 
supplemental: secondary 
supplicate: request 
supplication: request 
supplicatory: request 
supplier: human 
supply: provide 
support: tool 
supportability: Ability 
supportable: able 
suppose: RegardAs 
supposedly: FuncWord 
supposing: FuncWord 
supposition: think 
suppositional: fake 
supposititious: guess 
suppository: medicine 
suppreme: HighRank 
suppresive: able 
suppressive: able 
suppurate: inflamed 
supremacist: human 
supreme: HighRank 
Suqian: place 
sura: part 
Surabaya: place 
surd: sound 
surefire: safe 
surefooted: reliable 
surely: FuncWord 
sureness: emotion 
surety: physical 
surf: water 
surface: shallow 
surfboard: SportTool 
surfboarder: human 
surfboarding: swim 
surfeit: surpass 
surfer: human 
surfffish: fish 
surfperch: fish 
surgeon: human 
surgery: room 
surgical: knowledge 
Surinam: place 
Suriname: place 
Surinamese: RelatingToCountry 
surliness: BadTemper 
surly: fierce 
surmise: guess 
surmount: surpass 
surpass: surpass 
surpassing: surpass 
surplus: wealth 
surplusage: many 
surprisal: surprise 
surprisedly: surprise 
surprisingly: queer 
surreptitious: covert 
surreptitiously: covert 
surrogacy: replace 
surroundings: Environment 
surtax: expenditure 
surveillance: supervise 
surveyor: human 
survivability: Ability 
survival: GoOn 
survivals: part 
survive: GoOn 
surviving: alive 
survivor: human 
susceptibility: Ability 
susceptible: able 
susceptibleness: Ability 
sushi: food 
suslik: beast 
Susong: place 
suspect: human 
suspend: obstruct 
suspender: fittings 
suspenders: fittings 
suspense: unfixed 
suspenseful: unfixed 
suspensive: unfixed 
suspicion: emotion 
suspicious: fishy 
suspiciously: queer 
suspiciousness: emotion 
suspire: respire 
sustainable: able 
sustaining: constant 
susurrate: MakeSound 
Sutras: tool 
sutura: location 
SUV: LandVehicle 
Suva: place 
suzerainty: Power 
Suzhou: place 
Sv: Unit 
svelte: gracious 
svetle: gracious 
Svizzera: place 
swab: wipe 
swaggering: rash 
Swahili: language 
swallowtail: clothing 
swampy: soft 
swan: bird 
swank: ShowOff 
Swansea: place 
swap: exchange 
sward: material 
swarthy: black 
swash: arrogant 
swashbuckler: human 
swashbuckling: rash 
swastika: mark 
swat: beat 
SWAT: human 
swatch: example 
swath: place 
swatter: tool 
sway: wave 
Swazi: RelatingToCountry 
Swaziland: place 
sweatband: part 
sweater: clothing 
sweatheart: human 
sweating: excrete 
sweats: clothing 
sweatshirt: clothing 
sweaty: wet 
Swede: human 
swede: part 
Sweden: place 
sweep: wipe 
sweet: sweet 
sweetbread: food 
sweeten: AlterProperty 
sweetener: material 
sweetening: remove 
sweeter: sweet 
sweetheart: human 
sweethearts: human 
sweetish: sweet 
sweetmeat: food 
sweetmeats: food 
sweetness: Taste 
sweets: food 
swell: swollen 
swelling: swollen 
swerve: TurnRound 
swiftly: fast 
swiftness: fast 
swig: drink 
swim: swim 
swimming: swim 
swimsuit: clothing 
swimwear: clothing 
swindle: cheat 
swindler: human 
swine: livestock 
swineherd: human 
swing: wave 
swingboat: tool 
swinish: vulgar 
swirl: rotate 
Swiss: RelatingToCountry 
switchblade: tool 
switchman: human 
Switzer: human 
Switzerland: place 
swivel: rotate 
swob: tool 
swoon: dizzy 
swoop: GoForward 
swoosh: MakeSound 
swop: exchange 
swordlike: FormValue 
swosh: MakeSound 
sybaritic: flighty 
sycamore: tree 
sychnuria: phenomena 
syclopentadiene: exuberant 
Sydney: place 
syllabic: sound 
syllabicate: separate 
syllabication: separate 
syllabify: separate 
syllabize: separate 
syllable: sound 
syllabus: plans 
syllogism: knowledge 
sylphlike: gracious 
sylva: tree 
sylvite: chemical 
symbiosis: phenomena 
symbiotic: phenomena 
symbiotically: phenomena 
symbolic: symbol 
symbolically: PropertyValue 
symbolisation: ize 
symmetric: symmetrical 
symmetrical: symmetrical 
symmetrically: symmetrical 
symmetricalness: Symmetry 
symmetry: Symmetry 
sympathectomy: fact 
sympathetical: benevolent 
sympathetically: benevolent 
sympathise: pity 
sympathiser: human 
sympathize: pity 
sympathizer: human 
sympatric: part 
sympetalous: FormValue 
symphonic: music 
symphonious: harmonious 
symphonist: human 
symphony: music 
symposiast: human 
symposium: fact 
symptom: phenomena 
symptomatic: phenomena 
symptomatize: mean 
symptomless: PropertyValue 
synaesthesia: experience 
synaesthetic: experience 
synagogue: InstitutePlace 
synchro: simultaneous 
synchrocyclotron: tool 
synchronal: simultaneous 
synchroneity: Sequence 
synchronic: simultaneous 
synchronicity: Sequence 
synchronisation: happen 
synchronise: happen 
synchronism: Sequence 
synchronization: happen 
synchronizing: happen 
synchronous: simultaneous 
synchrony: Sequence 
synchrotron: tool 
syncope: dizzy 
syncretic: thinking 
syncretical: thinking 
syncretism: thinking 
syncretistic: thinking 
syncretistical: thinking 
syndicalism: thinking 
syndicalist: human 
syndicator: human 
syndrome: phenomena 
synergism: MakeBetter 
synergist: medicine 
synergistic: produce 
synergy: MakeBetter 
synesthesia: experience 
synesthetic: experience 
synoecious: animate 
synoicous: animate 
synonym: expression 
synonymity: Property 
synonymous: alike 
synonymousness: Property 
synonymy: Property 
synopsis: text 
synovitis: disease 
syntactic: knowledge 
syntactical: knowledge 
syntactically: PropertyValue 
syntactician: human 
syntax: knowledge 
synthesis: produce 
synthesiser: MusicTool 
synthesizer: MusicTool 
synthetic: artificial 
synthetical: wholly 
syphilis: disease 
syphon: TakeAway 
syren: humanized 
Syria: place 
system: system 
systematic: consistent 
systematically: consistent 
systematicness: Consistency 
systematics: knowledge 
systematisation: ize 
systematiser: human 
systematist: human 
systematization: ize 
systematize: ize 
systematizer: human 
systemic: part 
systemiser: human 
systemize: ize 
systemizer: human 
systole: shrink 
systolic: CausePartMove 
syzygy: time 
Tabasco: material 
tabby: livestock 
tabernacle: InstitutePlace 
tablecloth: tool 
tableland: land 
tablespoon: tool 
tablespoonful: NounUnit 
tabletop: part 
tableware: tool 
taboo: suffer 
tabor: MusicTool 
taboret: furniture 
tabour: MusicTool 
tabouret: furniture 
tabular: FormValue 
tabularise: forming 
tabularize: forming 
tabulate: forming 
tach: tool 
tache: disease 
Tacheng: place 
tacheometer: tool 
tachiol: chemical 
tachistoscope: tool 
tachometer: tool 
tachycardia: disease 
tachygraphy: method 
tachylite: material 
tachymeter: tool 
tacit: agree 
taciturnity: unsociable 
tackiness: vulgar 
tacky: sticky 
taco: food 
Tacoma: place 
taconite: stone 
tactful: tactful 
tactic: plans 
tactical: method 
tactile: experience 
tactless: able 
tactual: experience 
Tadjik: place 
tadpole: beast 
Tadzhik: place 
Tadzhikistan: place 
Taegu: place 
Taekwondo: fact 
taffeta: material 
tag: mark 
Tagalog: language 
tagging: express 
Tagore: human 
Tagus: waters 
Tahur: tribe 
Tai: surname 
Taibei: place 
Taicang: place 
Taidong: place 
Taigu: place 
taijiqua: fact 
taikonaut: human 
tail: part 
Tailai: place 
tailboard: part 
tailings: InstitutePlace 
taillight: part 
tailor: produce 
tailorability: Adaptability 
tailplane: part 
tails: clothing 
tailspin: shows 
Tainan: place 
Taining: place 
tainted: PropertyValue 
Taipei: place 
taira: beast 
Taishan: place 
Taishu: surname 
Taiwanese: RelatingToCountry 
Taixian: place 
Taiyuan: place 
Taizhong: place 
Taizhou: place 
Tajikistan: place 
Taka: money 
Takaoka: place 
Takashimaya: InstitutePlace 
takeaway: edible 
takedown: restrain 
takeoff: start 
takeover: fact 
Takikawa: place 
takin: beast 
takings: wealth 
takoyaki: food 
talcose: material 
tale: fact 
talebearer: human 
talented: able 
taleteller: human 
Taliban: community 
talisman: tool 
talk: text 
talkative: trivial 
talkatively: trivial 
talkativeness: trivial 
talkie: shows 
talkily: trivial 
talky: trivial 
Tallahassee: place 
Tallinn: place 
tallish: high 
tallness: Height 
tallow: part 
tally: fit 
tallyman: human 
talon: part 
tamable: able 
tambour: tool 
tambourine: MusicTool 
tame: docile 
tameness: docile 
tamer: human 
Tamiflu: medicine 
Tamil: language 
taming: cultivate 
tamp: beat 
Tampa: place 
tamper: tool 
tamping: beat 
tan: brown 
Tan: place 
Tan: surname 
tanabata: time 
Tananarive: place 
Tancheng: place 
Tandearil: medicine 
Tang: surname 
tangelo: fruit 
tangential: shape 
Tanggu: place 
Tanghai: place 
tangibility: Palpability 
tangibleness: Palpability 
tangle: situated 
tango: shows 
tangram: tool 
Tangshan: place 
tangy: Taste 
Tangyin: place 
Tangyuan: place 
tankman: human 
tanner: human 
tannery: InstitutePlace 
tannic: chemical 
tannin: chemical 
tanning: fact 
tannish: brown 
tanorexia: disease 
tansy: FlowerGrass 
tantalise: mock 
tantaliser: human 
tantalize: mock 
tantalizer: human 
tantalum: metal 
Tantalus: humanized 
tantamount: alike 
tantrum: angry 
Tanzania: place 
Taoism: community 
Taonan: place 
Taoyuan: place 
tape: tool 
tapeline: tool 
tapering: pointed 
tapestry: tool 
tapeworm: InsectWorm 
taphouse: InstitutePlace 
tapioca: material 
tapir: beast 
tappasaki: food 
taproom: InstitutePlace 
taproot: part 
tar: material 
taraxacum: FlowerGrass 
Tarbes: place 
targeted: accurate 
tarmac: cover 
tarp: material 
tarpaulin: material 
tarriance: stay 
tarry: wait 
tarsus: part 
tart: unfriendly 
tartan: material 
tartar: chemical 
Tartar: place 
tartar: waste 
tartish: sour 
tartrate: chemical 
Tarzan: human 
Tashkent: place 
taskmaster: human 
taskmistress: human 
taskwork: fact 
TASS: institution 
tassels: tool 
taste: understand 
tasteable: able 
tasteful: tasteful 
tastefully: refined 
tastelessly: tasteless 
tasty: GoodTaste 
tat: weave 
tatami: tool 
Tateyama: place 
tatter: material 
tattered: incomplete 
tattle: talk 
tattoo: stab 
tatty: vulgar 
taunting: unfriendly 
Taunton: place 
Taurus: KindValue 
taut: tight 
tautly: tight 
tautologic: redundant 
tautological: redundant 
tavern: InstitutePlace 
taw: produce 
tawdry: vulgar 
Tawheed: knowledge 
tawny: brown 
taxa: group 
taxable: necessary 
taxaceae: tree 
taxation: system 
taxi: TakeVehicle 
taxicab: LandVehicle 
taxidermist: human 
taxidriver: human 
taxilane: part 
taxilight: tool 
taximan: human 
taximeter: tool 
taxiplane: aircraft 
taxistand: facilities 
taxiway: part 
taxon: group 
taxonomic: regulation 
taxonomical: regulation 
taxonomist: human 
taxpayer: human 
tayra: beast 
TB: disease 
Tb: metal 
TBD: wait 
Tbilisi: place 
Tc: metal 
TC: part 
teaboard: tool 
teacake: food 
teacart: furniture 
teachable: willing 
teacher: human 
teachers: human 
teaching: teach 
teacup: tool 
teacupful: NounUnit 
teahouse: InstitutePlace 
teak: wood 
teakettle: tool 
teakwood: wood 
teammate: human 
teamster: human 
teapot: tool 
teapoy: furniture 
tearaway: human 
teardrop: part 
tearfully: Appearance 
tearoom: InstitutePlace 
teary: weep 
tease: tease 
teaser: example 
teashop: InstitutePlace 
teaspoon: tool 
teaspoonful: NounUnit 
teat: part 
tec: human 
technetium: metal 
technic: knowledge 
technically: PropertyValue 
technicals: cause 
technician: human 
technicolored: colored 
technics: knowledge 
technocracy: system 
technocrat: human 
technocratic: human 
technological: PropertyValue 
technologist: human 
technology: knowledge 
technophobia: disease 
technopreneur: human 
tectonics: knowledge 
ted: dry 
teddies: clothing 
teddy: clothing 
tediousness: boring 
teem: exist 
teenage: AgeValue 
teenaged: AgeValue 
teenager: human 
teensy: small 
teentsy: small 
teeny: small 
teeterboard: tool 
teeth: part 
teethe: appear 
teetotaler: human 
teetotalist: human 
teetotaller: human 
teetotum: tool 
teflon: chemical 
Tegucigalpa: place 
Teheran: place 
Tehran: place 
teibutary: part 
tekkamaki: food 
tektite: material 
telecasting: fact 
telecom: affairs 
telecommerce: fact 
telecommunicate: communicate 
telecommunication: affairs 
telecontrol: control 
telefax: post 
telefilm: shows 
telegenic: beautiful 
telegram: letter 
telegraph: transmit 
telegrapher: human 
telegraphic: letter 
telegraphist: human 
telemarketing: fact 
telemedicine: fact 
telemetry: measure 
teleoffice: affairs 
teleologic: knowledge 
teleological: knowledge 
teleology: knowledge 
teleost: fish 
teleostan: fish 
telepathise: communicate 
telepathize: communicate 
telepathy: fact 
telephone: tool 
telephoner: human 
telephonist: human 
telephony: fact 
telephotography: TakePicture 
teleport: communicate 
teleprinter: tool 
telerobotics: knowledge 
telesat: aircraft 
teleselling: fact 
teleset: tool 
telethermometer: tool 
teletypewriter: tool 
televiewer: human 
televise: disseminate 
telex: image 
tell: tell 
telltale: human 
tellurium: chemical 
telly: tool 
Telugu: language 
temblor: mishap 
temperamental: ardent 
temperance: restrain 
temperateness: Discipline 
tempering: WarmUp 
tempest: phenomena 
tempestuous: chaotic 
temple: part 
temples: part 
templet: part 
tempo: Frequency 
temporal: time 
temporarily: temporary 
temporariness: TimeShort 
temporise: obey 
temporize: obey 
temptation: entice 
tempter: human 
tempting: attractive 
temptingness: Ability 
tempura: food 
ten: cardinal 
tenability: Reasonableness 
tenableness: Reasonableness 
tenaciousness: Resoluteness 
tenacity: Resoluteness 
Tencent: InstitutePlace 
tendentious: biased 
tendentiously: biased 
tendentiousness: aspiration 
tenderhearted: benevolent 
tenderheartedness: benevolent 
tenderisation: ize 
tenderise: ize 
tenderization: ize 
tenderize: ize 
tenderloin: food 
tenderness: phenomena 
tenfold: many 
Teng: surname 
Tengchong: place 
Tengzhou: place 
Tennessean: human 
Tennessee: place 
tennis: fact 
tenon: part 
tenosynovitis: disease 
tens: cardinal 
tense: urgent 
tensile: able 
tension: Circumstances 
tensity: strong 
tent: tool 
tentacle: part 
tentative: temporary 
tenth: ordinal 
tenuity: despise 
tenure: employ 
tenured: TimeLong 
tepefy: WarmUp 
tephigram: image 
tephra: stone 
tepid: warm 
tepidly: indifferent 
tepidness: indifferent 
teppanyaki: food 
tequila: alcohol 
teratology: knowledge 
terbium: metal 
terbutaline: chemical 
tercel: bird 
tercelet: bird 
tercentenary: time 
tercentennial: time 
terebene: chemical 
terminally: last 
terminator: human 
terminology: part 
termite: InsectWorm 
tern: bird 
ternary: cardinal 
ternion: cardinal 
terpane: chemical 
terramycin: medicine 
terrasse: build 
terrazzo: material 
terrestrial: land 
terrible: strong 
terribleness: able 
terribly: very 
terrier: livestock 
terrific: serious 
terrified: fear 
terrify: frighten 
terrifying: able 
terrifyingly: able 
territorial: place 
territorialisation: enlarge 
territorialise: enlarge 
territorialization: enlarge 
territorialize: enlarge 
terrorisation: frighten 
terrorist: human 
terrorization: frighten 
terry: material 
terrycloth: material 
terseness: concise 
terylene: material 
tesselate: fit 
testament: text 
testee: human 
tester: human 
testiclar: part 
testicle: part 
testiere: tool 
testify: prove 
testily: BadTemper 
testimonial: text 
testimony: information 
testis: part 
testosterone: medicine 
testy: BadTemper 
tetanus: disease 
tether: Range 
tetracycline: medicine 
tetrad: cardinal 
tetragram: part 
tetraplegia: paralyse 
tetter: disease 
Teuton: human 
Tevere: waters 
Texan: human 
Texas: place 
textbook: readings 
texting: compile 
textual: text 
texture: Quality 
TFAs: chemical 
Th: metal 
THAAD: facilities 
Thailand: place 
Thaksin: human 
thalassaemia: disease 
thalassemia: disease 
thalli: part 
thallide: chemical 
thallium: metal 
thallotoxicosis: disease 
Thames: waters 
thank: thank 
thankfulness: emotion 
thanks: thank 
Thanksgiving: time 
thatch: cover 
Thatcher: human 
thaw: StateChange 
Theaceae: tree 
theatre: shows 
theatrical: important 
theelin: physical 
theft: steal 
their: thing 
theism: knowledge 
theist: human 
themselves: human 
thence: FuncWord 
theodolite: tool 
theologise: ize 
theologist: human 
theologize: ize 
theology: knowledge 
theorem: regulation 
theoretic: knowledge 
theoretical: knowledge 
theoretically: FuncWord 
theorisation: ize 
theorise: RegardAs 
theorist: human 
theorization: ize 
theory: thinking 
therapeutics: knowledge 
therapy: fact 
there: location 
thereabout: approximate 
thereafter: time 
thereby: FuncWord 
therefore: FuncWord 
therefrom: FuncWord 
therein: location 
thereinafter: specific 
thereof: FuncWord 
thereupon: time 
thermal: hot 
thermalize: ize 
thermionics: knowledge 
thermocouple: part 
thermodynamics: knowledge 
thermoelectric: electricity 
thermoelectrical: electricity 
thermoelectricity: electricity 
thermofix: fasten 
thermograph: tool 
thermogravimeter: tool 
thermohydrometer: tool 
thermometer: tool 
thermometrograph: tool 
thermonuclear: part 
thermophile: plant 
thermoregulator: tool 
thermos: tool 
thermosphere: part 
thermostat: tool 
thermostatics: knowledge 
thesauri: publications 
thesaurus: publications 
these: specific 
Theseus: humanized 
thesis: text 
theurgy: method 
they: inanimate 
THG: medicine 
thiazide: chemical 
thiazine: chemical 
thiazole: chemical 
thibet: place 
thicken: thicken 
thickener: material 
thickening: StateChange 
thicket: tree 
thickheaded: foolish 
thickly: thick 
thickset: sturdy 
thief: human 
thieve: steal 
thievery: steal 
thieves: human 
thieving: steal 
thievishness: covert 
thigh: part 
thighbone: part 
thimble: tool 
Thimbu: place 
Thimphu: place 
thingamabob: thing 
things: fact 
thingumabob: thing 
thinkable: possible 
thinker: human 
thinking: thought 
thinly: thin 
thinness: thin 
thiocyanate: chemical 
thiophene: chemical 
third: ordinal 
thirdly: ordinal 
thirst: HungryThirsty 
thirster: human 
thirsty: HungryThirsty 
thirteen: cardinal 
thirteenth: ordinal 
thirtieth: ordinal 
thirty: cardinal 
this: specific 
thistle: FlowerGrass 
thole: part 
tholepin: part 
thoracic: part 
thorax: part 
Thorazine: medicine 
thoriate: apply 
thorium: metal 
thoroughbred: pure 
thoroughgoing: pure 
thoroughly: wholly 
those: specific 
though: FuncWord 
thoughtful: careful 
thoughtfully: careful 
thoughtfulness: careful 
thoughtless: rash 
thoughtlessness: careful 
thoughts: thinking 
thousand: cardinal 
thousands: cardinal 
thousandth: ordinal 
thread: tool 
threadbare: uninventive 
threadlike: linear 
thready: linear 
threald: part 
threat: frighten 
threaten: frighten 
threatening: able 
three: cardinal 
threefold: many 
thresh: StripOff 
thresher: machine 
threshold: part 
thrice: ActUnitValue 
thrift: thrifty 
thriftily: thrifty 
thriftiness: thrifty 
thriftless: extravagant 
thriftshop: InstitutePlace 
thrifty: thrifty 
thriller: text 
thrilling: interesting 
thriving: flourishing 
throat: part 
throb: shiver 
throe: painful 
thrombectomy: fact 
thrombin: part 
thrombocyte: part 
thrombocytopenia: disease 
thrombolytic: medicine 
thrombopenia: disease 
thrombose: ill 
thrombosis: disease 
thrombus: disease 
throne: Occupation 
throng: group 
throttle: part 
throttlehold: restrain 
through: wholly 
throughway: route 
throwback: BeRecovered 
thrum: recreation 
thruway: route 
Thu: time 
thud: bump 
thug: human 
thulium: metal 
thumb: roll 
thumbtack: tool 
thump: sound 
thumping: sound 
thunderbolt: thunder 
thundercloud: CloudMist 
thunderous: loud 
thunderstorm: thunder 
thundery: loud 
Thur: time 
thurify: spread 
Thursday: time 
thus: FuncWord 
thwack: beat 
thwart: obstruct 
thyme: FlowerGrass 
thymus: part 
thyristor: tool 
thyroid: part 
thyroidectomy: fact 
thyromegaly: disease 
thyrotrophin: physical 
thyrotropin: physical 
thyroxine: physical 
Ti: metal 
TIA: disease 
Tian: surname 
Tianjin: place 
Tianshui: place 
Tiantai: place 
Tianzhen: place 
Tiber: waters 
Tibet: place 
Tibetan: place 
Tibetans: human 
tibetologist: human 
tibetology: knowledge 
Tibetology: knowledge 
tic: twitch 
ticagrelor: medicine 
ticker: tool 
tickle: itch 
ticklish: difficult 
ticktack: MakeSound 
ticktock: MakeSound 
tidal: water 
tidbit: information 
tiddler: human 
tide: water 
tidemark: Height 
tidewater: water 
tidily: neat 
tidiness: tidy 
tidings: information 
tidy: tidy 
tieback: tool 
Tieli: place 
Tieling: place 
tiepin: fittings 
tier: part 
tiercel: bird 
tiff: quarrel 
tiffin: fact 
Tiflis: place 
tiger: beast 
tightfisted: miser 
tightfistedness: miser 
tightly: tight 
tightness: Tightness 
tightwad: human 
tiglon: beast 
tigon: beast 
tigress: beast 
Tigrinya: language 
Tigris: waters 
tike: human 
tilapia: fish 
tiler: human 
till: time 
tillable: able 
tillage: PutInOrder 
tilling: PutInOrder 
tilt: tilt 
timber: material 
timberland: land 
timbre: SoundQuality 
timecard: tool 
timekeeper: tool 
timeless: permanent 
timeliness: Property 
timeout: due 
timepiece: tool 
timer: tool 
timesaving: effortless 
timesharing: cooperate 
timetable: Timing 
timeworn: uninventive 
timidity: timid 
timidly: timid 
timidness: timid 
timing: Timing 
timorous: timid 
timorously: timid 
timorousness: timid 
timothy: FlowerGrass 
timpani: MusicTool 
timpanist: human 
tin: tool 
tinct: AlterColor 
tincture: medicine 
tinder: inanimate 
tinderbox: inanimate 
tindery: easy 
tinea: disease 
tinge: Amount 
tinkerer: human 
tinkling: sound 
tinned: PackingValue 
tinnitus: phenomena 
tinplate: metal 
tinsels: tool 
tinsmith: human 
tint: Hue 
tintinnabulate: MakeSound 
tintometer: tool 
tinware: tool 
tinyness: small 
tipcart: LandVehicle 
tippet: clothing 
tipple: drink 
tipsiness: phenomena 
tipsy: dizzy 
tiptop: BestQuality 
tirade: text 
tiramisu: food 
Tirana: place 
tired: tired 
tiredness: tired 
tirelessly: diligent 
tirelessness: resolute 
tireness: phenomena 
Tiresias: humanized 
tiresomeness: boring 
tiro: human 
tit: part 
Titan: humanized 
titanic: big 
Titanic: ship 
titanium: metal 
titbits: news 
titillate: excite 
titillating: experience 
titivate: MakeUp 
titrant: method 
titrator: tool 
titre: Amount 
titrimeter: method 
titter: laugh 
tittivate: MakeUp 
tittup: jump 
titty: part 
TKO: win 
Tl: metal 
Tm: metal 
TMD: facilities 
TMV: bacteria 
TNA: part 
TNT: material 
to: FuncWord 
toad: beast 
toadfish: fish 
toadstool: AlgaeFungi 
toastmaster: human 
tobacconist: InstitutePlace 
Tobagan: place 
Tobago: place 
toccata: music 
tocology: knowledge 
today: time 
toddle: walk 
toddler: human 
toe: part 
TOEFL: fact 
toenail: part 
toffee: food 
toffy: food 
tofu: food 
tog: PutOn 
togavirus: bacteria 
together: together 
Togo: place 
Togolese: RelatingToCountry 
Togrog: money 
toilet: room 
toiletries: tool 
toiletry: tool 
toilette: clothing 
toilsomeness: Effortfulness 
toincloth: tool 
Tokio: place 
Tokushima: place 
Toledo: place 
tolerable: mediocre 
tolerably: mediocre 
tolerance: Tolerance 
tolerant: lenient 
toleration: endure 
toll: Worth 
toller: human 
tollgatherer: human 
tollkeeper: human 
tollman: human 
tolltaker: human 
Tolstoy: human 
toluene: chemical 
tomahawk: tool 
Tomakomai: place 
tomb: facilities 
tomboy: human 
tombstone: mark 
tomcat: livestock 
tomfoolery: fact 
tomorrow: time 
Tomsk: place 
ton: Unit 
tonal: SoundVolume 
Tongcheng: place 
Tongchuan: place 
Tongguan: place 
Tonghua: place 
Tongliang: place 
Tongliao: place 
Tongling: place 
Tongnan: place 
Tongren: place 
tongs: tool 
Tongshan: place 
Tongshi: place 
tonguefish: fish 
Tongxian: place 
Tongzhou: place 
tonic: physical 
tonicity: sturdy 
tonight: time 
tonnage: Unit 
tonne: Unit 
tonsilitis: disease 
tonsillectomy: fact 
tonsillitis: disease 
tonsure: cut 
toolbox: tool 
toon: part 
tooshie: part 
toot: sound 
tooth: part 
toothbrush: tool 
toothed: FormValue 
toothpaste: tool 
toothpick: tool 
toothpowder: tool 
toothsome: GoodTaste 
toothsomeness: GoodTaste 
topaz: material 
topcoat: clothing 
tope: drink 
topee: clothing 
Topeka: place 
toper: human 
tophi: stone 
tophus: stone 
topi: clothing 
topicalisation: ize 
topicalise: ize 
topicalization: ize 
topicalize: ize 
topically: pieced 
topless: become 
topmost: GreaterThanNormal 
topnotch: BestQuality 
topographical: Form 
topographically: FormValue 
topological: knowledge 
topologically: knowledge 
toponomy: knowledge 
toponym: Name 
toponymy: knowledge 
topping: high 
topsoil: stone 
toque: clothing 
torchbearer: human 
torii: facilities 
Torino: place 
tormina: phenomena 
torn: incomplete 
tornado: wind 
Toronto: place 
Torontonian: human 
torpedo: weapon 
torpidness: inactive 
torpor: inactive 
Torquay: place 
torque: Strength 
torrefy: dry 
torrential: strong 
torsion: turn 
torso: part 
tort: fact 
torte: food 
tortfeasor: human 
tortilla: food 
tortoise: fish 
tortuosity: Curvature 
tortuous: curved 
tortuousness: Curvature 
torturer: human 
torturesome: miserable 
torturing: miserable 
torturous: miserable 
torturously: miserable 
Tory: community 
totalise: AmountTo 
totaliser: tool 
totalitarian: human 
totality: thing 
totalize: AmountTo 
totalizer: tool 
totally: wholly 
tote: tool 
totem: mark 
totipotence: Ability 
totipotency: Ability 
totter: walk 
tottery: shaky 
Tottori: place 
touching: able 
touchingly: able 
touchstone: stone 
touchwood: physical 
tough: tough 
toughen: strengthen 
toughening: strengthen 
toughly: resolute 
toughness: Will 
Toulon: place 
Toulouse: place 
tour: tour 
tourer: human 
touring: tour 
tourist: human 
touristry: affairs 
tournament: fact 
tourney: fact 
tourniquet: tool 
Tours: place 
tousle: ize 
tout: please 
tow: pull 
toward: InFront 
towards: InFront 
towboat: ship 
towelling: material 
towhee: bird 
towline: material 
town: place 
towner: human 
townhouse: house 
township: institution 
townsman: human 
townspeople: human 
towpath: route 
towrope: material 
toxaemia: disease 
toxanemia: disease 
toxemia: disease 
toxicant: poisonous 
toxication: disease 
toxicity: Property 
toxicodermatitis: disease 
toxicological: knowledge 
toxicology: knowledge 
toxicoloical: knowledge 
toxicopathy: disease 
toxicosis: disease 
toxin: physical 
toy: tool 
Toyama: place 
toying: entice 
Toyohashi: place 
Toyota: Name 
toyshop: InstitutePlace 
trace: trace 
traceable: able 
traceur: human 
trachea: part 
tracheal: part 
tracheitis: disease 
tracheotomy: fact 
trachoma: disease 
tracing: draw 
trackless: exist 
tracksuit: clothing 
tractable: docile 
tractile: able 
traction: Strength 
trade: exchange 
tradecraft: method 
trademark: mark 
tradeoff: plans 
trader: human 
tradesman: human 
tradition: Conventionality 
traditional: orthodox 
traditionally: orthodox 
traduce: slander 
trafficker: human 
tragedienne: human 
tragic: miserable 
tragically: miserable 
tragicomedy: shows 
trail: route 
trailblazer: human 
trailbreaker: human 
trainer: human 
trainman: human 
trait: Property 
traitor: human 
traitorous: betray 
traitress: human 
tram: TakeVehicle 
tramcar: LandVehicle 
trammels: tool 
tramontana: wind 
tramontane: wind 
tramper: human 
trample: kick 
trampolinist: human 
tranquilize: soothe 
tranquilizer: medicine 
tranquillise: ize 
tranquillity: peaceful 
tranquillization: peaceful 
tranquillize: ize 
transact: handle 
Transaero: InstitutePlace 
transaminase: part 
transatlantic: PropertyValue 
Transcaucasia: place 
transcend: cross 
transcendent: fantastic 
transcode: translate 
transcontinental: cross 
transcontinentally: cross 
transcript: readings 
transcription: record 
transcriptive: copy 
transdepartmental: PropertyValue 
transduce: alter 
transducer: tool 
transduction: alter 
transect: break 
transexual: human 
transfer: transmit 
transfinite: extensive 
transfix: stab 
transform: change 
transformable: able 
transformer: tool 
transfuse: teach 
transfusion: SelfMove 
transgene: fact 
transgenic: PropertyValue 
transgenosis: fact 
transgress: improper 
transgressor: human 
transience: TimeShort 
transiency: TimeShort 
transient: TimeShort 
transigent: human 
transistor: part 
transistorise: install 
transistorize: install 
transition: SelfMove 
transitiveness: Property 
transitivise: ize 
transitivize: ize 
transitoriness: TimeShort 
transitory: TimeShort 
translatability: Ability 
translatable: able 
translations: readings 
translocate: SelfMove 
translucence: Clearness 
translucency: Clearness 
translucent: clear 
transmigrate: ComeToWorld 
transmigration: ComeToWorld 
transmissible: able 
transmissiblel: SourceValue 
transmission: transmit 
transmissive: able 
transmissivity: Performance 
transmit: transmit 
transmittable: able 
transmittal: disseminate 
transmittance: Rate 
transmitted: SourceValue 
transmitter: tool 
transmogrification: alter 
transmogrify: AlterForm 
transmutation: change 
transnational: international 
transnatural: artificial 
transnormal: abnormal 
transoceanic: PropertyValue 
transom: part 
transonic: FrequencyValue 
transparency: tool 
transpire: issue 
transponder: tool 
transport: transport 
transposition: reverse 
transregional: PropertyValue 
transsexual: human 
transsexualism: disease 
transship: transport 
transshipment: transport 
transsonic: SpeedValue 
transude: drain 
transverse: horizontal 
transversely: horizontal 
transvestism: aspiration 
trapan: entice 
trapes: human 
trapezium: image 
trapezoid: image 
trapper: human 
trapshooting: fact 
trash: waste 
trashcan: tool 
trashery: human 
trasport: fact 
traumatise: damage 
traumatism: disease 
traumatize: damage 
trave: part 
traveler: human 
traveling: tour 
traveller: human 
travelling: tour 
travelog: shows 
travelogue: shows 
traversal: cross 
traverse: part 
trawl: tool 
trawler: ship 
trawlnet: tool 
tray: tool 
treacle: material 
tread: walk 
treadle: part 
treadmill: SportTool 
treasonist: human 
treasure: wealth 
treasured: precious 
treasurer: human 
treasury: InstitutePlace 
treatment: treat 
treaty: agreement 
trebuchet: machine 
trebucket: machine 
treebank: text 
treelawn: facilities 
treelike: FormValue 
trees: tree 
treetop: part 
treillage: facilities 
trek: SelfMove 
trellis: facilities 
tremble: shiver 
trembling: shiver 
trembly: shiver 
tremella: AlgaeFungi 
tremendous: strong 
tremendously: extreme 
tremolite: stone 
tremolo: sound 
tremor: shiver 
tremulous: shiver 
trenchant: sharp 
trenchcoat: clothing 
trencherman: human 
trend: TurnRound 
trendy: fashionable 
Trenton: place 
trepan: entice 
trepang: fish 
trepid: timid 
trepidly: timid 
trestle: tool 
triadic: PropertyValue 
triamterene: medicine 
triangular: FormValue 
triathlete: human 
tribade: human 
tribe: tribe 
triboloby: knowledge 
tribulation: mishap 
tribunal: institution 
Tribune: publications 
tributary: waters 
trice: time 
trichloride: chemical 
trichloromethane: chemical 
trichomadesis: disease 
trichomonad: bacteria 
trick: plans 
tricker: human 
trickery: plans 
trickiness: Behavior 
trickish: sly 
trickle: GoDown 
tricksy: sly 
tricolor: Color 
tricycle: LandVehicle 
trident: aircraft 
triennial: time 
trier: human 
Trier: place 
trifles: unimportant 
trigeminus: part 
trigger: TurnOn 
triggerman: human 
triglyceride: physical 
trigon: image 
trigonometric: knowledge 
trigonometry: knowledge 
trigram: part 
triiodomethane: chemical 
trilateral: FormValue 
trill: sound 
trillion: cardinal 
trillions: cardinal 
trillium: FlowerGrass 
trilobite: InsectWorm 
trilogy: music 
trim: wrap 
trinal: many 
trine: cardinal 
triniscope: part 
Trinitarian: human 
trinitroglycerin: chemical 
trinitrotoluene: material 
trio: fact 
triode: part 
tripe: part 
triple: many 
triplet: KindValue 
triplets: human 
tripod: tool 
Tripoli: place 
trippingly: gracious 
tripsin: part 
triquetral: part 
trisyllable: part 
tritanopia: disease 
trite: uninventive 
triticum: crop 
tritium: chemical 
triturate: grind 
triumphal: win 
triumphant: win 
triumphantly: win 
trivalent: able 
trivia: fact 
trivial: unimportant 
trivialise: PlayDown 
trivialities: unimportant 
triviality: fact 
trivialize: PlayDown 
troat: cry 
troche: food 
trochoma: disease 
troglobite: beast 
troglodyte: human 
trolley: LandVehicle 
trolleybus: LandVehicle 
trollop: human 
trolly: LandVehicle 
trombone: MusicTool 
trombonist: human 
troop: army 
troops: army 
trophies: artifact 
trophobiosis: phenomena 
trophology: knowledge 
tropical: part 
tropics: part 
tropism: Prospect 
troponym: part 
troposphere: part 
troth: text 
Trotskyism: knowledge 
Trotskyist: human 
Trotskyite: human 
troubadour: human 
troublemaker: human 
troublesomeness: cause 
troublespot: place 
trough: water 
trounce: beat 
troupe: community 
trouser: clothing 
trousers: clothing 
trousseau: physical 
trout: fish 
Troyes: place 
truant: human 
truce: cease 
truckage: fact 
trucker: human 
trucking: fact 
truckle: surrender 
truculency: Friendliness 
truculently: strong 
Trudeau: human 
trudge: SelfMove 
true: true 
truehearted: faithful 
truely: FuncWord 
truistic: ordinary 
truly: true 
Truman: human 
Trump: human 
trumpet: MusicTool 
trumpetwood: tree 
trunks: clothing 
Truro: place 
trust: InstitutePlace 
trustee: human 
trusteeship: manage 
trustfulness: emotion 
trustily: faithful 
trustingness: emotion 
trustor: human 
trustworthiness: Ability 
trusty: faithful 
truthful: true 
truthfulness: Trueness 
tryout: exam 
tsar: human 
Tsarina: human 
tsarist: human 
Tsaritsyn: place 
TSH: physical 
tsk: MakeSound 
Tsonga: language 
TSU: community 
Tsuchiura: place 
tsunami: mishap 
Tsuruoka: place 
Tu: surname 
tuba: MusicTool 
tubbish: FormValue 
tubby: FormValue 
Tuber: AlgaeFungi 
tuber: part 
tubercle: disease 
tuberculin: medicine 
tuberculoid: disease 
tuberose: FlowerGrass 
tubing: facilities 
tubocurarine: chemical 
tuck: fold 
tucker: ize 
Tucson: place 
Tues: time 
Tuesday: time 
Tugnev: human 
tuition: expenditure 
Tujue: tribe 
tulip: FlowerGrass 
Tuller: place 
Tulsa: place 
tumble: roll 
tumbler: tool 
tumbling: shows 
tumefacient: swollen 
tumefaction: swollen 
tumefy: swollen 
Tumen: place 
tumesce: swollen 
tumescence: swollen 
tumescent: swollen 
tumidity: swollen 
tummy: part 
tumour: disease 
tumultuary: noisy 
tun: load 
tuna: fish 
tunable: able 
tunefulness: euphonious 
tuner: tool 
tungsten: metal 
Tungus: tribe 
tuning: adjust 
Tunis: place 
Tunisia: place 
Tunliu: place 
tunnel: route 
tunnelling: dig 
Tuo: surname 
Tuoba: surname 
tupek: house 
tupik: house 
tuppence: Unit 
Tuqin: surname 
turban: clothing 
turbid: blurred 
turbidity: blurred 
turbidness: blurred 
turbinal: part 
turbinate: part 
turbofan: part 
turbogenerator: machine 
turbojet: part 
turboprop: part 
turbulence: water 
turbulency: water 
turbulent: flourishing 
tureen: tool 
turf: material 
Turgenev: human 
turgid: flighty 
turgidness: insubstantial 
Turin: place 
Turk: human 
turkey: bird 
Turkey: place 
Turkman: human 
Turkmen: RelatingToCountry 
Turkmenia: place 
Turkmenistan: place 
Turkomen: place 
Turku: place 
turmeric: FlowerGrass 
turmoil: fact 
turn: TurnRound 
turnable: tool 
turnabout: time 
turnaround: time 
turncoat: human 
turning: location 
turnkey: human 
turnover: Amount 
turntable: part 
Turpan: place 
turpentine: material 
turret: part 
turtle: fish 
turtleback: part 
turtledove: bird 
turtleneck: part 
Tuscaloosa: place 
tush: part 
tussah: InsectWorm 
tussis: pant 
tut: MakeSound 
Tutankhamun: human 
tutor: teach 
tutorship: teach 
tux: clothing 
tuxedo: clothing 
tv: image 
TV: institution 
tv: tool 
twain: inanimate 
twang: MakeSound 
twat: human 
tweak: press 
tweed: material 
tweedle: cry 
tweeze: remove 
tweezer: tool 
twelfth: ordinal 
twelve: cardinal 
twelvemonth: time 
twenties: AgeValue 
twentieth: ordinal 
twenty: cardinal 
twerp: human 
Twi: language 
twiddle: PlayWith 
twilight: time 
twin: reproduce 
twine: coil 
twinge: painful 
twinkling: time 
twins: human 
twirl: rotate 
twirp: human 
twist: wounded 
twisting: curved 
twisty: curved 
twitter: cry 
Twitter: InfoCarrier 
twitter: sound 
two: cardinal 
twofold: many 
twopence: Unit 
twosome: inanimate 
twothirds: cardinal 
TX: place 
txt: InfoElement 
tycoon: human 
tyke: human 
tympan: MusicTool 
tympanist: human 
tympanitis: disease 
tympanum: part 
Tyne: waters 
typal: example 
typeface: Pattern 
typescript: text 
typeset: PutInOrder 
typesetter: human 
typewriter: tool 
typewriting: write 
typhoid: disease 
typhoon: wind 
typhus: disease 
typic: example 
typical: normal 
typically: normal 
typify: ize 
typing: write 
typist: human 
typo: character 
typographer: human 
typography: method 
typologic: knowledge 
typological: knowledge 
typology: knowledge 
tyrannise: conduct 
tyrannize: conduct 
tyrannous: fierce 
tyrannously: fierce 
tyranny: system 
tyre: part 
tyro: human 
tyrocidin: chemical 
tyrocidine: chemical 
U: metal 
UAE: place 
Ube: place 
ubiety: location 
ubiquitous: extensive 
ubiquity: extensive 
UC: InstitutePlace 
UCLA: InstitutePlace 
udder: part 
udometer: tool 
Ueno: place 
UFO: aircraft 
Uganda: place 
ugli: fruit 
uglify: slander 
ugliness: ugly 
ugly: unsightly 
UK: place 
ukase: document 
uke: MusicTool 
Ukraine: place 
Ukrainian: RelatingToCountry 
Ukranian: human 
ukulele: MusicTool 
Ulanbator: place 
ULCA: InstitutePlace 
ulcer: disease 
ulcerate: inflamed 
ulcerous: Ability 
Ulm: place 
Ulmaceae: tree 
ulna: part 
Ulsan: place 
Ulster: place 
ulterior: covert 
ultimate: TimingValue 
ultimately: TimingValue 
ultimateness: TimingValue 
ultimatum: document 
ultra: strong 
ultracentrifuge: tool 
ultrafashionable: flourishing 
ultraism: thinking 
ultramarine: material 
ultramicrofiche: image 
ultramicrometer: tool 
ultramicroscope: tool 
ultramicroscopic: tool 
ultramicroscopy: knowledge 
ultramodern: present 
ultranationalistic: thinking 
ultransonic: FrequencyValue 
ultrared: lights 
ultraright: right 
ultrarightist: human 
ultrashort: electricity 
ultrasonography: fact 
ultrasound: sound 
ultrastructural: over 
ultrastructurally: over 
ultrastructure: part 
ultraviolet: phenomena 
ululate: cry 
umber: RedBrown 
umbilicus: part 
umbra: trace 
umbrage: place 
umbrella: tool 
ump: human 
umpirage: mediate 
umpire: undertake 
umpireship: Power 
UN: institution 
un: PropertyValue 
unabashed: shameless 
unabashedly: CourtesyValue 
unabated: strong 
unabridged: compile 
unabused: undergo 
unacceptability: Ability 
unacceptable: impossible 
unacceptableness: Ability 
unacceptably: difficult 
unaccepted: impossible 
unaccessible: difficult 
unaccmplished: fulfil 
unaccommodating: stiff 
unaccompanied: lonely 
unaccomplished: undergo 
unaccountable: impossible 
unaccountably: difficult 
unaccounted: explain 
unaccredited: unqualified 
unachievable: impossible 
unachievably: impossible 
unacknowledged: undergo 
unacquainted: unfamiliar 
unacquisitive: acquisitive 
unactable: impossible 
unadaptable: impossible 
unadapted: fit 
unaddicted: addict 
unaddressed: express 
unadjustable: able 
unadjusted: fit 
unadmonished: suffer 
unadon: food 
unadventurous: dangerous 
unadvisable: improper 
unadvised: wise 
unadvisedly: rash 
unaesthetic: unable 
unaffected: unaffected 
unaffectedly: honest 
unaffectedness: unaffected 
unaffectionate: benevolent 
unaffordable: buy 
unaged: unable 
unaided: alone 
unalienable: impossible 
unalike: different 
unallowable: impossible 
unalloyed: pure 
unalterable: impossible 
unalterably: impossible 
unaltered: constant 
unambiguity: lucid 
unambiguous: lucid 
unambiguously: lucid 
unambitious: modest 
unambitiously: modest 
unamiable: amiable 
unamused: joyful 
unamusing: interesting 
unanalyzable: able 
unanimated: boring 
unanimous: accordant 
unanimously: accordant 
unannounced: undergo 
unanswerable: unable 
unanticipated: difficult 
unappealing: unattractive 
unappealingly: unattractive 
unappeasable: unable 
unappetising: GoodTaste 
unappetizing: GoodTaste 
unappreciated: undergo 
unappreciative: unable 
unappreciatively: unable 
unapprehended: PropertyValue 
unapproachability: unfriendly 
unapproved: undergo 
unapt: improper 
unarbitrary: biased 
unarguably: unable 
unarm: subtract 
unarmed: PropertyValue 
unarmored: PackingValue 
unarmoured: PackingValue 
unartificial: artificial 
unartistic: GoodLooking 
unary: single 
unascertainable: able 
unascribable: ResultFrom 
unashamed: shameless 
unashamedly: CourtesyValue 
unassailably: able 
unassertive: biased 
unassertively: biased 
unassuming: modest 
unassumingly: modest 
unassumingness: unaffected 
unattached: alone 
unattackable: able 
unattainable: impossible 
unattainably: impossible 
unattended: enjoy 
unattractive: unattractive 
unattractively: unattractive 
unattributable: unable 
unauthentic: fake 
unavailable: difficult 
unavailing: useless 
unavenged: undergo 
unavoidable: impossible 
unavowed: covert 
unaware: know 
unawareness: experience 
unawares: sudden 
unawed: fear 
unbacked: impossible 
unbalance: balanced 
unbaptised: undergo 
unbaptized: undergo 
unbar: open 
unbearable: difficult 
unbearably: difficult 
unbeatable: PropertyValue 
unbeaten: PropertyValue 
unbefitting: improper 
unbeknownst: covert 
unbelievabe: difficult 
unbelievably: difficult 
unbeliever: human 
unbelieving: doubt 
unbelievingly: BehaviorValue 
unbend: WhileAway 
unbendable: resolute 
unbending: resolute 
unbendingly: resolute 
unbeseem: fit 
unbeseeming: fit 
unbiased: fair 
unbiasedly: fair 
unbiassed: fair 
unbind: release 
unbitted: impossible 
unbitter: wicked 
unbleached: Color 
unblemished: flawless 
unblinking: timid 
unblinkingly: timid 
unblock: remove 
unblocked: PropertyValue 
unblooded: pure 
unbloody: BehaviorValue 
unbolt: open 
unborn: future 
unbosom: speak 
unbound: free 
unbounded: strong 
unboundedness: extensive 
unbowed: straight 
unbox: MoveItOut 
unbraid: disconnect 
unbreakable: able 
unbred: fierce 
unbridgeable: impossible 
unbridle: indulge 
unbridled: rash 
unbuckle: disconnect 
unbuild: remove 
unbuilt: build 
unburden: unload 
uncanniness: covert 
uncanny: queer 
uncap: StripOff 
uncaring: benevolent 
uncase: StripOff 
uncatalogued: undergo 
uncategorised: undergo 
uncategorized: undergo 
unceasing: interrupted 
unceasingly: interrupted 
uncensored: undergo 
unceremonious: informal 
unceremoniously: informal 
uncertainty: Possibility 
unchain: release 
unchallengeable: unable 
unchallenged: unable 
unchangeable: impossible 
unchanged: constant 
uncharacteristic: special 
uncharged: feed 
uncharitable: fierce 
uncharitableness: fierce 
uncharted: ignorant 
unchaste: unchaste 
unchastened: suffer 
unchastity: unchaste 
unchecked: fierce 
unchurch: discharge 
uncircumstantia: insubstantial 
uncircumstantial: insubstantial 
uncircumstantially: insubstantial 
uncivilized: vulgar 
unclasp: WhileAway 
unclassed: unattached 
unclassified: classified 
unclear: lucid 
unclip: dismantle 
uncloak: reveal 
unclog: dredge 
unclose: open 
unclouded: WeatherFine 
unclutter: PutInOrder 
unco: queer 
uncoditionally: resolute 
uncoil: disconnect 
uncoined: natural 
uncolored: colorless 
uncoloured: colorless 
uncombed: ungracious 
uncomeatable: difficult 
uncomed: sloppy 
uncomfortable: cosy 
uncommercial: AttachmentValue 
uncommercialised: ize 
uncommercialized: ize 
uncommitted: impossible 
uncommunicative: unsociable 
uncompanionable: unsociable 
uncomparable: impossible 
uncompetitive: PerformanceValue 
uncompleted: finish 
uncomplicated: simple 
uncomprehended: impossible 
uncomprehending: unable 
uncomprehensible: difficult 
uncompress: enlarge 
uncompromising: resolute 
uncompromisingly: resolute 
unconcealed: overt 
unconcern: indifferent 
unconcerned: indifferent 
unconditional: PropertyValue 
unconditionally: PropertyValue 
unconditioned: PropertyValue 
unconfessed: admit 
unconfident: believe 
unconfined: free 
unconfirmed: undergo 
unconformable: discordant 
unconscientious: sensible 
unconscientiousness: sensible 
unconscious: unintentional 
unconsciously: unintentional 
unconsidered: undergo 
unconstant: changeable 
unconstitutional: disobey 
unconstrained: voluntary 
uncontaminated: PropertyValue 
uncontemplated: impossible 
uncontrollable: impossible 
unconverted: constant 
unconvertible: impossible 
unconvincing: difficult 
uncooked: unprocessed 
uncooperative: cooperate 
uncoordinated: NotQuick 
uncordial: indifferent 
uncork: PickOut 
uncorrectable: impossible 
uncorrected: undergo 
uncorruptible: moral 
uncountable: impossible 
uncounted: many 
uncouple: disconnect 
uncourteous: impolite 
uncouthly: NotQuick 
uncrate: open 
uncreased: FormValue 
uncross: BeAcross 
uncrushable: impossible 
UNCTAD: part 
unctuousness: Property 
uncultivable: unable 
uncultivatable: unable 
uncurable: impossible 
uncured: doctor 
uncurl: unfold 
uncut: ungracious 
undamped: wet 
undated: explain 
undaunted: timid 
undeceive: understand 
undecided: unfixed 
undeclared: undergo 
undecomposable: able 
undefended: defend 
undefiled: chaste 
undefined: explain 
undemocratic: fair 
undemonstrable: unable 
undemonstrative: tactful 
undependability: unreliable 
undependable: unreliable 
undependableness: unreliable 
under: location 
underachieve: function 
underachievement: accomplishment 
underachiever: human 
underact: function 
underarm: part 
underarmed: lack 
underbelly: part 
underbodice: clothing 
underbred: PoorlyBred 
underbuy: buy 
undercharge: propose 
underclerk: human 
underclothed: naked 
underclothes: clothing 
underclothing: clothing 
undercoat: apply 
undercooked: insufficient 
undercover: covert 
undercroft: facilities 
undercurrent: water 
underdevelop: CauseToAppear 
underdeveloped: regressive 
underdevelopment: phenomena 
underdog: human 
underdone: unprocessed 
underdrawers: clothing 
underdress: PutOn 
underemployed: phenomena 
underemployment: phenomena 
underestimation: estimate 
underexpose: exposure 
underexposed: exposure 
underexposure: exposure 
underfed: phenomena 
underfinanced: phenomena 
underflow: water 
underfoot: location 
underframe: part 
underfunded: phenomena 
undergarment: clothing 
undergird: strengthen 
undergo: undergo 
undergrad: human 
undergraduate: human 
undergrown: insufficient 
undergrowth: phenomena 
underhandedness: information 
underlay: part 
underlayer: part 
underlayment: part 
underlet: lend 
underlie: PropUp 
underline: emphasize 
underlip: part 
undermanned: insufficient 
undermentioned: specific 
undermine: damage 
underneath: beneath 
undernourish: lack 
undernourished: phenomena 
undernourishment: phenomena 
underpart: part 
underpay: pay 
underpeopled: sparse 
underperform: function 
underpin: PropUp 
underplay: function 
underpopulated: sparse 
underprice: sell 
underprivileged: LowRank 
underproduce: produce 
underprop: PropUp 
underquote: propose 
underrate: estimate 
underripe: unripe 
underrun: cross 
underscore: emphasize 
undersea: part 
undersell: sell 
underset: endorse 
undershirt: clothing 
undershoot: fail 
undershorts: clothing 
underside: part 
undersign: sign 
undersigned: human 
undersize: small 
undersized: small 
underskirt: clothing 
underspend: spend 
understaffed: insufficient 
understandability: Ability 
understandable: able 
understanding: understand 
understate: speak 
understated: thrifty 
understock: buy 
undertaker: human 
undertint: light 
undervaluate: calculate 
undervalue: estimate 
underwater: location 
underway: GoOn 
underweight: bony 
underwrite: guarantee 
underwriter: human 
undescribable: difficult 
undeserved: fake 
undesigned: accidental 
undesirability: impossible 
undesirable: unsuitable 
undesired: unnecessary 
undetectable: impossible 
undetected: covert 
undetermined: know 
undevout: earnest 
undifferentiate: alike 
undifferentiated: alike 
undigested: undergo 
undignified: dignified 
undiluted: concentrated 
undiscipline: undisciplined 
undisciplinedly: undisciplined 
undiscouraged: disheartened 
undiscovered: PropertyValue 
undiscriminating: fair 
undisguised: overt 
undisguisedly: overt 
undismayed: disheartened 
undisposed: handle 
undisputable: unable 
undisputed: unable 
undistinguishable: impossible 
undistinguished: undergo 
undisturbed: impossible 
undiversified: stiff 
undivided: complete 
undo: remove 
undoable: impossible 
undock: leave 
undoer: human 
undomesticated: wild 
undoubted: true 
undoubtedly: FuncWord 
undoubting: believe 
UNDP: part 
undramatic: boring 
undrape: open 
undreamed: impossible 
undreamt: impossible 
undress: StripOff 
undue: rash 
undulatory: QuantityChange 
undulatus: CloudMist 
undying: permanent 
unearthly: artificial 
unease: uneasy 
uneasily: eager 
uneasiness: uneasy 
uneasy: uneasy 
unedited: undergo 
uneducated: unscholarly 
unelected: StatusValue 
unemotional: indifferent 
unemotionality: indifferent 
unemotionally: indifferent 
unemployable: impossible 
unemployed: OccupationValue 
unemployment: lose 
unencumbered: impossible 
unending: interrupted 
unendingly: interrupted 
unendurable: impossible 
unenergetic: frail 
unenergetically: frail 
unenlightened: vulgar 
unentangle: mediate 
unenviable: unable 
UNEP: part 
unequable: peaceful 
unequaled: impossible 
unequivocal: unable 
unequivocally: lucid 
unequivocalness: lucid 
UNESCO: part 
unessential: unimportant 
unethical: immoral 
unethically: immoral 
unexampled: unable 
unexceptionable: sturdy 
unexceptional: ordinary 
unexpectedly: sudden 
unexposed: covert 
unexpressive: indifferent 
unfailingly: TimeLong 
unfair: biased 
unfairly: biased 
unfairness: fair 
unfaithfulness: treacherous 
unfaltering: resolute 
unfalteringly: resolute 
unfasionable: unfashionable 
unfasten: disconnect 
unfastidious: difficult 
unfathomably: profound 
unfathomed: deep 
unfavorable: disadvantageous 
unfavorably: disadvantageous 
unfavourably: disadvantageous 
unfeeling: fierce 
unfeigned: true 
unfetter: CauseToDo 
unfilial: faithful 
unfinished: incomplete 
unfirm: shaky 
unfitness: Demerit 
unflagging: diligent 
unflappability: calm 
unflattering: frank 
unflavored: tasteless 
unflawed: flawless 
unfledged: unable 
unflinching: timid 
unflinchingly: timid 
unflurried: calm 
unflustered: calm 
unfocused: PayAttention 
unfocussed: PayAttention 
unforceful: frail 
unforeseeable: unable 
unforeseen: impossible 
unforesightful: superficial 
unforethoughtful: unable 
unforfeitable: unable 
unforgettable: difficult 
unforgivable: impossible 
unformed: unformed 
unfortunately: misfortunate 
UNFPA: part 
unfreeze: StateChange 
unfriendliness: amiable 
unfriendly: amiable 
unfrightened: unable 
unfruitful: ineffective 
unfulfilled: fulfil 
unfunded: PropertyValue 
unfunny: interesting 
ungainliness: NotQuick 
ungated: OutOfTheWay 
ungentlemanlike: PoorlyBred 
ungentlemanly: PoorlyBred 
ungetatable: difficult 
unginge: abnormal 
unglued: disconnect 
ungodly: treacherous 
ungovernable: difficult 
ungraceful: ungracious 
ungracefully: vulgar 
ungracious: impolite 
ungraciously: vulgar 
ungraciousness: PoorlyBred 
ungrammatical: unqualified 
ungrammatically: unqualified 
ungrateful: wicked 
ungratefulness: emotion 
ungrounded: fake 
ungrudging: earnest 
unguent: material 
unhallow: PlayDown 
unhand: engage 
unhandsome: beautiful 
unhappily: joyful 
unhappiness: emotion 
unhappy: joyful 
unharmful: advantageous 
unharming: advantageous 
unharness: disconnect 
UNHCR: part 
unhealthful: spotless 
unhealthily: disadvantageous 
unhealthy: disadvantageous 
unheard: perception 
unhearing: disable 
unheated: unable 
unheeding: attentive 
unhelpful: disadvantageous 
unhesitating: resolute 
unhesitatingly: resolute 
unhitch: disconnect 
unholy: vicious 
unhook: disconnect 
unhopedfor: impossible 
unhorse: GoDown 
unhusk: reveal 
unhygienic: spotless 
unhygienically: spotless 
unibrow: part 
unicameral: single 
UNICEF: part 
unicellular: part 
unidentified: fake 
unidimensional: linear 
unidirectional: DirectioningValue 
UNIDO: part 
unifiable: neat 
unified: neat 
unifier: human 
uniformise: ize 
uniformity: Uniformity 
uniformize: ize 
uniformly: neat 
unilateralism: thinking 
unilaterally: pieced 
unimaginable: difficult 
unimaginably: difficult 
unimpaired: wounded 
unimpeachably: impossible 
unimportance: unimportant 
unimpressive: boring 
uninfected: infect 
uninfluenced: impossible 
uninformative: insufficient 
uninformatively: insufficient 
uninformed: PropertyValue 
uninhabitable: unsuitable 
uninhabited: sparse 
uninhibitedly: rash 
uninitiated: human 
uninjured: wounded 
uninstall: unload 
uninstructively: insufficient 
uninsured: guarantee 
unintelligent: foolish 
unintelligently: foolish 
unintelligible: difficult 
unintelligibly: difficult 
unintended: unintentional 
unintentional: unintentional 
unintentionally: unintentional 
uninterested: FondOf 
uninteresting: boring 
uninterestingness: boring 
uninterruptedly: interrupted 
unintimidated: timid 
unintimidatedly: timid 
uninventive: uninventive 
uninvited: impossible 
uninviting: unattractive 
union: community 
unioniam: thinking 
unionisation: establish 
unionise: establish 
unionism: thinking 
unionist: human 
unionization: establish 
unionize: establish 
unipartite: separate 
uniquely: unique 
uniqueness: thought 
UNITAR: part 
unitard: clothing 
Unitarian: human 
unitary: pure 
unitedly: merge 
unitisation: establish 
unitise: establish 
unitive: neat 
unitization: establish 
unitize: establish 
unity: Uniformity 
univarsalisation: ize 
univarsalise: ize 
univarsalization: ize 
univarsalize: ize 
universalise: ize 
universality: Range 
universalize: ize 
universe: thing 
university: InstitutePlace 
unjustifiable: unreasonable 
unjustifiably: unreasonable 
unjustly: biased 
unkennel: expel 
unkindly: benevolent 
unknit: disconnect 
unknot: disconnect 
unknowable: impossible 
unknowing: unscholarly 
unknowingly: unintentional 
unlabelled: Notwellknown 
unlace: disconnect 
unlade: unload 
unlash: disconnect 
unlawful: unlawful 
unlawfully: unlawful 
unlawfulness: unlawful 
unlax: WhileAway 
unlay: remove 
unleaded: exist 
unlearn: forget 
unlearned: unscholarly 
unleash: release 
unless: FuncWord 
unlicenced: unqualified 
unlicensed: unqualified 
unlighted: dark 
unlike: different 
unlikely: impossible 
unlimitedly: free 
unlined: PropertyValue 
unlisted: record 
unlit: lighting 
unlivable: unsuitable 
unlive: remove 
unload: unload 
unloaded: empty 
unloading: unload 
unloose: WhileAway 
unloosen: disconnect 
unlovely: impossible 
unluckily: misfortunate 
unlucky: misfortunate 
unmake: remove 
unman: remove 
unmanageable: impossible 
unmanliness: BehaviorValue 
unmanly: irresolute 
unmannered: impolite 
unmannerly: impolite 
unmarketable: unsuitable 
unmarried: unmarried 
unmask: reveal 
unmatchable: difficult 
unmatched: unique 
unmeant: unintentional 
unmeasured: impossible 
unmedical: RoleValue 
unmedicative: RoleValue 
unmedicinal: RoleValue 
unmeet: improper 
unmelodic: cacophonic 
unmelodious: cacophonic 
unmentionable: unsuitable 
unmerciful: fierce 
unmercifulness: fierce 
unmet: unable 
unmilitary: AttachmentValue 
unmindfulness: careless 
unmixable: impossible 
unmixed: pure 
unmoral: immoral 
unmoved: indifferent 
unmoving: inactive 
unmusical: cacophonic 
unmuzzle: disconnect 
unname: naming 
unnamed: covert 
unnatural: stiff 
unnaturalness: affected 
unnecessary: unnecessary 
unneighborly: amiable 
unneighbourly: amiable 
unnerve: disheartened 
unnerved: disheartened 
unnerving: able 
unnoted: perception 
unnoticeableness: difficult 
unnumberale: many 
unnumbered: many 
unnumerable: many 
unnumerble: many 
UNO: institution 
unobjectionable: correct 
unobstructed: able 
unobtrusive: cautious 
unofficially: public 
unopened: open 
unoriginal: original 
unorthodox: unorthodox 
unorthodoxy: thinking 
unostentatious: thrifty 
unothordox: unorthodox 
unpackaged: PackingValue 
unpaid: FreeOfCharge 
unpainted: unprocessed 
unpalatable: tasteless 
unpardonable: impossible 
unpassable: impossible 
unpatented: PropertyValue 
unpatriotic: like 
unpeaceful: peaceful 
unpeg: loosen 
unpeopled: sparse 
unperceived: PropertyValue 
unpersuadable: unable 
unpick: dismantle 
unpin: PickOut 
unplanned: disorder 
unpleasant: joyful 
unpleasantness: joyful 
unpleasing: able 
unplug: PickOut 
unplumbed: deep 
unpolished: gracious 
unpolitical: AttachmentValue 
unpopular: BeUnable 
unpopularity: fashionable 
unpopulated: sparse 
unpractical: insubstantial 
unpractised: able 
unprecedented: unable 
unprecedentedly: unable 
unpredictable: difficult 
unpredictably: difficult 
unprejudiced: fair 
unprejudicedly: fair 
unprepared: ready 
unprincipled: rash 
unprintable: unsuitable 
unprocessed: unprocessed 
unproductive: barren 
unprofessional: human 
unprofessionally: unable 
unprofitable: disadvantageous 
unprogressive: regressive 
unpromising: dismal 
unprompted: automatic 
unpropitiousness: inauspicuous 
unproved: PropertyValue 
unprovoked: unreasonable 
unpublished: publish 
unpurified: refine 
unqualified: unqualified 
unquenchable: impossible 
unquestioned: unable 
unquotable: impossible 
unravel: separate 
unreachable: impossible 
unreadable: impossible 
unreal: fake 
unrealised: fulfil 
unrealistic: insubstantial 
unreality: fake 
unrealizable: impossible 
unrealized: fulfil 
unreasonable: unreasonable 
unreasoned: unreasonable 
unrebuked: suffer 
unreciprocated: alone 
unreclaimed: undergo 
unrecognized: PropertyValue 
unreconciled: reconcile 
unreel: disconnect 
unreeve: MoveItBack 
unrefined: vulgar 
unregarded: impossible 
unregistered: unlawful 
unrelated: irrelevant 
unrelatedly: unattached 
unrelenting: fierce 
unreliability: unreliable 
unreliable: unreliable 
unreliableness: unreliable 
unrelieved: weaken 
unremarkable: ordinary 
unremitting: constant 
unremittingly: constant 
unremunerative: disadvantageous 
unrenewable: unable 
unreproved: suffer 
unrequited: alone 
unreserve: frank 
unreserved: frank 
unresigned: unwilling 
unresolved: unfixed 
unrespectability: disgraced 
unresponsive: indifferent 
unrest: fact 
unrestful: chaotic 
unrestrainedly: rash 
unrestraint: rash 
unrestricted: impossible 
unrestrictedly: free 
unrevalled: unique 
unrevealable: PropertyValue 
unriddle: explain 
unrighteous: unrighteous 
unrip: split 
unripe: unripe 
unrivaled: impossible 
unruffled: peaceful 
unruffledly: unhurried 
unruled: impossible 
unruly: rash 
unsafe: safe 
unsaid: undergo 
unsalable: unsuitable 
unsaleable: unsuitable 
unsalted: salty 
unsanctioned: undergo 
unsanitary: spotless 
unsatisfactorily: unable 
unsatisfactoriness: Measurement 
unsatisfactory: unqualified 
unsatisfied: unsatisfied 
unsaturated: SituationValue 
unsavoury: boring 
unsay: remove 
unscathed: safe 
unscholarly: unscholarly 
unschooled: unscholarly 
unscientific: inconsistent 
unscramble: explain 
unscrew: dismantle 
unscrupulous: rash 
unscrupulously: sly 
unscrupulousness: rash 
unseal: open 
unsealed: CircumstancesValue 
unsearchable: covert 
unseasonable: unsuitable 
unseasonably: unsuitable 
unseasoned: able 
unseat: dismiss 
unseeable: impossible 
unseeing: look 
unseem: separate 
unseeming: ungracious 
unseemly: disgraced 
unseen: perception 
unsegregated: separate 
unselfish: unselfish 
unselfishly: unselfish 
unselfishness: generous 
unserviceable: useless 
unsettle: uneasy 
unsex: ize 
UNSF: part 
unshackle: release 
unshadable: undergo 
unshaken: resolute 
unshaped: unformed 
unshapely: GoodLooking 
unshapen: unformed 
unsharpened: sharp 
unsheathe: reveal 
unshielded: CircumstancesValue 
unship: unload 
unshod: naked 
unshrinkable: able 
unshrinking: impossible 
unsightliness: unsightly 
unsimilarity: Similarity 
unskilled: able 
unskillful: able 
unsling: disconnect 
unsmooth: coarse 
unsnap: disconnect 
unsnarl: disconnect 
unsociability: unsociable 
unsociable: unsociable 
unsociableness: unsociable 
unsoiled: guiltless 
unsolder: dismantle 
unsoldierly: unqualified 
unsolicited: undergo 
unsolvable: unable 
unsolved: unfixed 
unsophisticated: uncouth 
unsorted: classify 
unsounded: deep 
unsourced: unable 
unsparing: generous 
unspeak: remove 
unspeakably: difficult 
unspecified: insubstantial 
unsplittable: impossible 
unsporting: dishonest 
unsportsmanlike: dishonest 
unspotted: guiltless 
unstable: peaceful 
unstained: guiltless 
unstainted: guiltless 
unstandard: unqualified 
unsterilised: kill 
unsterilized: kill 
unstick: loosen 
unstop: remove 
unstoppable: unable 
unstrain: WhileAway 
unstrap: disconnect 
unstring: disconnect 
unstructured: FormValue 
unstylish: unfashionable 
unsubduable: resolute 
unsubsidized: impossible 
unsubstantial: insubstantial 
unsuccessful: fail 
unsuitable: unsuitable 
unsuited: improper 
unsullied: spotless 
unsure: believe 
unswayed: impossible 
unswear: disobey 
unswerving: resolute 
unswervingly: resolute 
unsympathetic: benevolent 
unsympathetically: wicked 
untalkative: unsociable 
untangle: disconnect 
untapped: PropertyValue 
untaxed: able 
unteach: CauseToDo 
unteachable: impossible 
untellable: difficult 
untenable: unable 
untended: enjoy 
untested: able 
unthaw: StateChange 
unthink: think 
unthinkable: difficult 
unthinking: rash 
unthoughtfulness: careful 
unthrifty: thrifty 
untidily: neat 
untidiness: sloppy 
untied: free 
untimely: unsuitable 
untiringly: constant 
untold: many 
untouchable: impossible 
untraceable: disappear 
untracked: exist 
untransferable: impossible 
untranslatable: impossible 
untravelled: OutOfTheWay 
untread: GoBack 
untreatable: impossible 
untreated: handle 
untried: able 
untrod: OutOfTheWay 
untrodden: OutOfTheWay 
untrue: fake 
untrustiness: unreliable 
untrusting: doubt 
untrustworthiness: unreliable 
untrustworthy: unreliable 
untruth: text 
untruthful: fake 
untune: uneasy 
untutored: unscholarly 
untwist: disconnect 
untypical: normal 
UNU: InstitutePlace 
ununderstandably: difficult 
unused: idle 
unusefulness: useless 
unusual: abnormal 
unutterable: difficult 
unvalued: impossible 
unvaried: constant 
unvarnished: frank 
unvarying: constant 
unveil: reveal 
unverifiable: impossible 
unversed: unscholarly 
unvoiced: undergo 
unvoluntary: voluntary 
unwanted: unnecessary 
unwarned: undergo 
unwarrantable: immoral 
unwarranted: NotSensible 
unwary: careless 
unwashed: spotless 
unwatered: waterless 
unwed: unmarried 
unwedded: unmarried 
unwholesomeness: disadvantageous 
unwilled: unintentional 
unwilling: unwilling 
unwillingness: unwilling 
unwisdom: unscholarly 
unwise: foolish 
unwitting: ignorant 
unwittingly: unintentional 
unwomanly: unqualified 
unwonted: abnormal 
unworldly: mental 
unworthy: WorthNot 
unwrap: open 
unwritten: FormValue 
unyieldingly: resolute 
unyieldingness: resolute 
unzip: disconnect 
upbraid: ExpressAgainst 
upbringing: Breeding 
upbuild: establish 
UPC: symbol 
upcoming: soon 
upcountry: internal 
update: replace 
updating: improve 
updraft: gas 
upend: reverse 
UPENN: InstitutePlace 
upfront: frank 
upgoing: direction 
upgrade: upgrade 
upgrowth: grow 
upheave: lift 
uphill: prosper 
upholster: decorate 
upholsterer: human 
UPI: institution 
upkeep: maintain 
upland: land 
uplifting: able 
upmost: GreaterThanNormal 
upper: upper 
uppercut: fact 
uppish: arrogant 
uppishness: arrogant 
uppity: arrogant 
uprightly: righteous 
uproar: sound 
uproariously: noisy 
uproot: remove 
uprouse: call 
uprush: BecomeMore 
upscale: BestQuality 
upshift: SpeedUp 
upshot: result 
upside: part 
upspring: jump 
upstage: arrogant 
upstair: location 
upstairs: location 
upstanding: straight 
upstart: human 
upstate: location 
upstream: backward 
upsweep: CausePartMove 
upswell: swollen 
upswing: MakeBetter 
uptake: lift 
uptight: easy 
uptodate: new 
UPU: part 
upward: upper 
upwind: facing 
uraemia: disease 
Ural: place 
uranalysis: fact 
uranium: metal 
uranology: knowledge 
Uranus: celestial 
urarthritis: disease 
Urawa: place 
urban: place 
urbane: gracious 
urbanely: gracious 
urbanise: ize 
urbanite: human 
urbanity: gracious 
urbanization: ize 
urbanize: ize 
urbanologist: human 
urchin: human 
Urdu: language 
urea: material 
uremia: disease 
ureter: part 
ureterostomy: fact 
urethra: part 
urethritis: disease 
urethrocele: phenomena 
urethrography: fact 
urge: urge 
urgent: urgent 
urgently: urgent 
urger: human 
uric: excrement 
urinalysis: fact 
urinary: excrete 
urinate: excrete 
urination: excrete 
urn: tool 
urogenital: knowledge 
urography: fact 
urologist: human 
urology: knowledge 
urosis: disease 
urticaria: phenomena 
urtication: phenomena 
Urumchi: place 
Urumqi: place 
urus: beast 
us: human 
usability: Ability 
usable: able 
usableness: Ability 
USAF: part 
usance: regulation 
USC: InstitutePlace 
USCG: part 
USCYBERCOM: part 
USD: Unit 
USDA: part 
use: use 
useable: able 
used: used 
useful: useful 
uselessly: waste 
uselessness: useless 
user: human 
USGS: part 
usher: human 
usherette: human 
USMC: part 
USN: part 
USSR: place 
usually: regular 
usurer: human 
usuriously: many 
usuriousness: wealth 
usurpatory: occupy 
usurper: human 
UT: place 
Utah: place 
Utahan: human 
utensils: implement 
uteritis: disease 
uterus: part 
UTI: disease 
Utica: place 
utilise: use 
utilitarian: BehaviorValue 
utilitarianism: Behavior 
utilizable: able 
utilization: use 
utilize: use 
utmost: strong 
utopia: place 
utopian: fake 
utopianism: system 
Utsunomiya: place 
utter: speak 
utterable: able 
utterance: MakeSound 
utterly: extreme 
uttermost: far 
utterness: extreme 
UV: phenomena 
uvula: part 
uxorial: qualified 
Uzbekistan: place 
v: FuncWord 
vacation: time 
vacationer: human 
vacationist: human 
vacationland: place 
vaccinal: medicine 
vaccinate: doctor 
vaccine: medicine 
vaccinia: disease 
vacillant: hesitate 
vacillate: hesitate 
vacillating: hesitate 
vacillation: hesitate 
vacuity: insubstantial 
vacuous: insubstantial 
vacuousness: insubstantial 
vacuum: space 
Vaduz: place 
vaeediction: farewell 
vag: detain 
vagabondage: roam 
vagabondism: roam 
vagal: part 
vagarious: difficult 
vagariously: think 
vagary: changeable 
vagina: part 
vaginal: part 
vaginitis: disease 
vagrancy: roam 
vagrantly: roam 
vagrantness: roam 
vainglorious: flighty 
vainglory: emotion 
vainly: ineffective 
vainness: disadvantageous 
valedictorian: human 
valence: Ability 
Valence: place 
valency: Ability 
Valentine: letter 
valiance: Behavior 
valiancy: Behavior 
valid: effective 
validating: able 
validation: prove 
validatory: able 
validity: Effectivity 
validly: effective 
vallation: facilities 
Valletta: place 
valley: land 
vallum: part 
valor: Behavior 
valorization: delimit 
valorize: delimit 
valorous: brave 
valorously: brave 
valorousness: Behavior 
valour: Behavior 
valourousness: Behavior 
valse: shows 
valuable: precious 
valuables: treasure 
valuateator: human 
valuator: human 
valued: precious 
valueless: negligible 
valuer: human 
values: standpoint 
valuta: Worth 
valve: part 
valvula: NounUnit 
valvulitis: disease 
vamoose: flee 
vamper: human 
vampire: human 
vanadinite: stone 
vanadium: metal 
Vancouver: place 
vandal: human 
vandalise: damage 
vandalism: IllBehave 
vandalize: damage 
vanessa: InsectWorm 
vanguard: human 
vanilla: FlowerGrass 
vanity: insubstantial 
vanpidity: boring 
vanquisher: human 
vantage: Advantage 
vanward: InFront 
vapid: boring 
vaporific: FormValue 
vaporisation: ize 
vaporise: GoUp 
vaporizable: able 
vaporization: ize 
vaporize: ize 
vaporizer: part 
vaporous: FormValue 
vapour: gas 
vaquero: human 
var: Unit 
varech: AlgaeFungi 
varia: artifact 
variability: Easiness 
variable: symbol 
variably: changeable 
variance: Divergence 
variant: thing 
variation: thing 
variational: change 
varicella: disease 
varicocele: disease 
varicolored: colored 
varicoloured: colored 
varicosity: disease 
variegated: various 
varietal: thing 
variform: various 
variola: disease 
variolar: disease 
variolous: disease 
various: various 
varlet: human 
varnished: bright 
vary: replace 
varying: changeable 
vasal: part 
vascular: part 
vascularise: ize 
vascularize: ize 
vasculitis: disease 
vase: tool 
vasectomise: remove 
vasectomize: remove 
vasectomy: fact 
vaseline: material 
vasoconstriction: fact 
vasodilation: fact 
vasodilator: medicine 
vasodilatory: phenomena 
vasopressin: physical 
vasospasm: phenomena 
vasospastic: phenomena 
vast: wide 
vastitude: Range 
vastly: very 
vastness: broad 
vasty: big 
VAT: expenditure 
vat: tool 
vatic: predict 
Vatican: place 
vaticinate: predict 
vaticinator: human 
vaudeville: shows 
vault: part 
vaulter: human 
vaunt: praise 
vaunter: human 
VCD: tool 
VCM: chemical 
VD: disease 
veal: food 
vealy: brave 
veau: food 
vectographic: image 
vector: symbol 
vectorial: symbol 
Vega: celestial 
Vegas: place 
vegetable: vegetable 
vegetal: PropertyValue 
vegetant: PropertyValue 
vegetarian: human 
vegetarianism: edible 
vegetate: grow 
vegetation: plant 
vegetative: PropertyValue 
veggie: part 
vehement: strong 
vehemently: strong 
vehicles: LandVehicle 
vehicular: LandVehicle 
veinal: part 
velar: sound 
velcro: fix 
Velcro: tool 
veleteen: material 
velety: soft 
vellicate: buy 
vellication: phenomena 
velocimeter: tool 
velocity: Speed 
velometer: tool 
velosity: Speed 
velour: material 
veloute: food 
velure: material 
velvet: material 
velveteen: material 
vena: part 
venality: receive 
venation: part 
vend: sell 
vendee: human 
vender: human 
vendible: suitable 
vendition: sell 
veneer: beautify 
venenous: poisonous 
venepuncture: fact 
venerable: honest 
venerate: respect 
veneration: respect 
venerator: human 
venery: aspiration 
venesect: doctor 
venesection: fact 
venetian: material 
Venetian: place 
Venezuela: place 
vengeance: revenge 
vengeful: able 
vengefulness: emotion 
venial: able 
veniality: Ability 
Venice: place 
venipuncture: fact 
venison: food 
venogram: fact 
venography: fact 
venom: part 
venomously: wicked 
venoplasty: fact 
venous: part 
vent: ShowEmotion 
ventage: location 
venter: part 
venthole: facilities 
ventiduct: facilities 
ventilate: ShowEmotion 
ventilative: clean 
ventilatory: clean 
ventral: DirectioningValue 
ventricle: part 
venture: venture 
venue: location 
Venus: celestial 
veracious: true 
veracity: honest 
verazide: medicine 
verb: part 
verbal: Property 
verbalisation: describe 
verbalise: speak 
verbaliser: human 
verbalization: describe 
verbalizer: human 
verbify: ize 
verbose: trivial 
verbosely: trivial 
verboseness: trivial 
verbosiities: text 
verbosity: trivial 
verdantique: green 
Verdun: place 
verdure: new 
verge: part 
verglas: RainSnow 
veridic: honest 
veridical: honest 
veriest: pure 
verifiable: able 
verificatory: able 
verified: true 
verifier: human 
verisimilar: fake 
veritable: true 
verity: true 
verjuice: unfriendly 
vermicelli: food 
vermiculate: bite 
vermiculite: stone 
vermifuge: chemical 
vermilion: red 
vermin: InsectWorm 
verminate: ResultIn 
verminous: mishap 
Vermont: place 
Vermonter: human 
vermouth: alcohol 
vernal: time 
vernalization: ize 
vernalize: ize 
vernier: part 
versant: familiar 
versed: BeAble 
versifier: human 
versify: compile 
version: thought 
versus: FuncWord 
vertebra: part 
vertebral: part 
vertebrate: AnimalHuman 
vertex: location 
vertical: vertical 
vertically: vertical 
verticalness: vertical 
vertiginous: rotate 
vertigo: dizzy 
verve: Life 
vesica: shape 
vesicant: chemical 
vesicate: swollen 
vesication: appear 
vesicatory: chemical 
vesicle: phenomena 
vesicobullous: phenomena 
vesiculate: appear 
vesiculation: appear 
Vesoul: place 
Vesper: celestial 
vespertinal: time 
vespertine: time 
vessel: tool 
vessels: ship 
vestee: clothing 
vestibular: part 
vestibule: room 
vestibulitis: disease 
vestiges: part 
vestigial: insufficient 
vestment: clothing 
vestry: room 
vesture: clothing 
Vesuvius: land 
veteran: human 
veterinarian: human 
veterinary: human 
veto: rights 
vetoer: human 
vetoist: human 
vexatiousness: phenomena 
vexillary: human 
vexing: able 
via: FuncWord 
viability: Ability 
viable: able 
viaduct: part 
Viagra: medicine 
viand: edible 
viatic: tour 
viator: human 
vibrance: shiver 
vibrancy: shiver 
vibrant: sturdy 
vibratory: shiver 
vibrio: bacteria 
vibrion: bacteria 
vibronic: PerformanceValue 
vibroshock: part 
vicar: human 
vicarial: human 
vicarious: human 
vicariousness: human 
vicegerency: obtain 
vicegerent: human 
viceregal: human 
vicereine: human 
viceroy: human 
vicinage: BeNear 
vicinal: location 
vicinity: location 
viciously: wicked 
viciousness: fact 
vicissitudes: fact 
victimisation: use 
victimise: use 
victimization: use 
victor: human 
victorian: stiff 
victorious: win 
victualler: human 
victuals: edible 
videocast: fact 
videocorder: tool 
videophone: tool 
Vienna: place 
Vientiane: place 
Vietnam: place 
Vietnamese: RelatingToCountry 
view: thought 
viewer: human 
viewers: human 
viewfinder: part 
viewgraph: tool 
viewpoint: standpoint 
viewy: expect 
vigilantly: clever 
vigor: Life 
vigour: Life 
vile: despicable 
vileness: able 
vilification: slander 
vilifier: human 
vilify: slander 
vilipend: slander 
villa: house 
village: place 
villager: human 
villagers: human 
villain: human 
villainousness: fierce 
villatic: house 
villein: human 
Villeurbanne: place 
villoma: disease 
villosity: material 
villus: part 
Vilna: place 
Vilnius: place 
Vilno: place 
vim: Life 
vinaigrette: material 
vinculum: ally 
vindicate: CauseNotToBe 
vindication: CauseNotToBe 
vindicator: human 
vindictive: able 
vindictiveness: emotion 
vinegar: material 
vinegarish: joyful 
vinegary: sour 
vinery: InstitutePlace 
vineyard: InstitutePlace 
vinic: alcohol 
vinify: produce 
vinous: alcohol 
vint: produce 
vintage: gracious 
vintager: human 
vinyl: chemical 
vinylbenzene: chemical 
Vinylite: chemical 
vinylon: material 
viola: MusicTool 
violable: easy 
violaceous: purple 
violate: offend 
violation: mating 
violator: human 
violence: Strength 
violent: strong 
violescent: purple 
violet: vegetable 
violin: MusicTool 
violinist: human 
violist: human 
violoncellist: human 
violoncello: MusicTool 
violone: MusicTool 
VIP: human 
viper: beast 
viperine: poisonous 
viperish: wicked 
virago: human 
viral: bacteria 
vireo: bird 
virescence: planting 
virescent: green 
virginal: chaste 
Virginia: place 
Virginian: human 
Virgo: KindValue 
virgule: symbol 
viridescence: green 
viridescent: green 
virile: sturdy 
virilisation: ize 
virilise: ize 
virility: sturdy 
virilization: ize 
virilize: ize 
virion: bacteria 
viroid: bacteria 
virologist: human 
virology: knowledge 
virose: poisonous 
virosis: disease 
virous: poisonous 
virtual: true 
virtualise: ize 
virtualization: ize 
virtualize: ize 
virtueless: immoral 
virtuelessly: immoral 
virtues: Merit 
virtuosity: Ability 
virtuoso: refined 
virtuous: noble 
virture: Morality 
virulence: Property 
virusoid: bacteria 
visa: document 
visage: Appearance 
viscera: part 
viscid: sticky 
viscidity: Stickiness 
viscoid: sticky 
viscose: material 
viscosity: Stickiness 
viscount: human 
viscountess: human 
viscounty: Occupation 
viscous: sticky 
vise: document 
visible: possible 
visibly: lucid 
visionary: insubstantial 
visitant: visit 
visitation: visit 
visitatorial: investigate 
visitor: human 
visor: part 
Vistula: waters 
visualisation: think 
visualize: think 
visualizer: human 
visually: PropertyValue 
vital: important 
vitalise: CauseToLive 
vitalization: CauseToLive 
vitalize: CauseToLive 
vitally: important 
vitals: part 
vitamin: medicine 
vitaminic: medicine 
vitaminise: CauseToLive 
vitaminize: CauseToLive 
vitex: tree 
vitiate: damage 
vitiation: damage 
vitiligo: disease 
vitreous: AppearanceValue 
vitreousness: clear 
vitric: material 
vitrics: tool 
vitrify: ize 
vitriol: text 
vituperation: text 
vituperator: human 
vivace: nimble 
vivacious: sturdy 
vivacity: interesting 
vivarium: tool 
vivers: edible 
vividness: interesting 
viviparous: SourceValue 
vivisect: split 
vivisection: split 
vivisectional: split 
vivisectionist: human 
vivisector: human 
vixen: human 
vixenish: fierce 
vizor: part 
Vladivostok: place 
vlog: document 
VLSI: part 
VOA: part 
vocabulary: expression 
vocalise: ize 
vocalism: MakeSound 
vocalist: human 
vocalize: ize 
vocation: duty 
vocational: permanent 
vocative: Performance 
vociferate: cry 
vociferator: human 
vociferous: noisy 
vociferously: noisy 
vodka: alcohol 
vodoun: community 
vogue: SocialMode 
voguish: fashionable 
voiceless: silent 
voicer: human 
voidable: able 
voidance: shoot 
voider: tool 
Volapuk: language 
volar: army 
volary: facilities 
volatile: peaceful 
volatilise: disappear 
volatility: Performance 
volatilizable: able 
volatilization: disappear 
volatilize: disappear 
volcanic: land 
volcano: land 
volcanogenic: land 
volcanology: knowledge 
vole: beast 
Volga: waters 
volitation: fly 
volition: aspiration 
volitive: aspiration 
volley: attack 
volplane: fly 
volt: Unit 
voltage: Strength 
voltaic: electricity 
voltampere: Unit 
volubility: Strength 
voluble: fluent 
volubly: fluent 
volumetric: Volume 
voluminosity: many 
voluminousness: many 
voluntarily: voluntary 
voluntary: voluntary 
volunteerism: regulation 
voluptuary: human 
voluptuous: lascivious 
volute: curved 
volution: phenomena 
Volvo: LandVehicle 
volvulus: phenomena 
vomiter: human 
vomito: disease 
vomiturition: vomit 
voodooism: community 
voraciously: acquisitive 
voraciousness: acquisitive 
voracity: acquisitive 
vortex: phenomena 
vortical: rotate 
vorticose: phenomena 
votary: human 
vote: judge 
voter: human 
voting: result 
votive: fact 
vouch: guarantee 
vouchsafe: give 
vowel: sound 
vowelise: ize 
vowelize: ize 
voyage: fact 
voyager: human 
voyeurism: aspiration 
voyeurist: human 
voyeuristical: lascivious 
voyeuristically: lascivious 
VPN: InfoCarrier 
vroom: MakeSound 
vs: FuncWord 
VT: place 
vulcanise: ize 
vulcanite: material 
vulcanization: material 
vulcanology: knowledge 
vulgar: vulgar 
vulgarian: human 
vulgarism: vulgar 
vulgarize: vulgar 
vulgarly: vulgar 
vulnerability: Demerit 
vulnerable: easy 
vulpine: sly 
vulture: bird 
vulva: part 
vycor: material 
W: metal 
WA: place 
Wa: surname 
wacky: mad 
wad: NounUnit 
wadding: material 
waddle: walk 
waddy: beat 
wader: bird 
wadset: pawn 
Wafangdian: place 
wafer: food 
waft: information 
wages: payment 
waggery: interesting 
Wagner: human 
wagon: LandVehicle 
waif: human 
Waigaoqiao: place 
wainscot: part 
waist: part 
waistband: fittings 
waistcloth: fittings 
waistcoat: clothing 
waistline: Size 
waitress: human 
waive: exempt 
waiver: abandon 
Wakayama: place 
Wakefield: place 
wakeful: awake 
wakefulness: awake 
wakeless: BehaviorValue 
Wakkanai: place 
Wal: InstitutePlace 
wale: shape 
Wales: place 
walk: walk 
walkman: tool 
walkout: fact 
walkover: fact 
walkway: route 
wall: shape 
wallet: tool 
walleye: disease 
wallflower: human 
wallop: damage 
wallow: roll 
Walmart: InstitutePlace 
waltz: shows 
wamble: walk 
Wan: surname 
wan: Unit 
Wanding: place 
wane: decline 
Wang: surname 
Wangfujing: place 
Wangjiang: place 
wangle: cheat 
Wangqing: place 
Wanhua: place 
waning: decline 
wank: mating 
wanness: grey 
Wanning: place 
Wanrong: place 
want: willing 
wanton: rash 
wantonness: rash 
Wanxian: place 
war: fact 
warbler: bird 
Ward: Name 
ward: room 
warder: human 
wardmate: human 
wardress: human 
warehouseman: human 
warfare: fact 
warfarin: medicine 
warhead: weapon 
warhorse: human 
warlike: FondOf 
warlord: human 
warm: WarmUp 
warmer: warm 
warmheartedness: emotion 
warming: WeatherChange 
warmly: warm 
warmness: warm 
warmonger: human 
warmongering: FondOf 
warner: human 
warp: part 
warpath: emotion 
warping: irrigate 
warplane: weapon 
warragal: beast 
warranter: human 
warrigal: beast 
warrior: human 
warroir: human 
Warsaw: place 
warship: weapon 
wart: disease 
wartime: time 
washable: able 
washbasin: tool 
washboard: tool 
washbowl: tool 
washcloth: tool 
washer: tool 
washerman: human 
washerwoman: human 
Washingtonian: human 
washroom: room 
washwoman: human 
washy: watery 
wasp: InsectWorm 
wastage: lavish 
waste: waste 
wastedland: land 
wasteful: extravagant 
wastefully: extravagant 
wastefulness: extravagant 
wasteland: land 
waster: human 
wastewater: water 
wasteyard: facilities 
wastrel: human 
watchable: able 
watchband: fittings 
watchcase: part 
watchhouse: facilities 
watchmaker: human 
watchman: human 
waterbird: bird 
waterbuck: beast 
watercart: LandVehicle 
watercolorist: human 
watercolourist: human 
watercraft: ship 
watercrafts: ship 
waterfall: water 
waterfow: bird 
waterfowl: bird 
waterfront: land 
waterhead: location 
waterless: waterless 
waterline: mark 
waterlogged: waterlogging 
waterlogging: mishap 
waterloo: fact 
waterman: human 
watermark: trace 
watermelon: fruit 
watermobile: able 
waterpipe: material 
waterpower: Strength 
waterproof: able 
waters: waters 
waterscape: Scene 
watershoot: facilities 
waterside: land 
waterskiing: fact 
waterskin: tool 
waterspout: part 
watertight: able 
watertower: facilities 
waterway: route 
waterways: waters 
waterweed: FlowerGrass 
waterwheel: tool 
waterworks: InstitutePlace 
watery: watery 
waton: flighty 
watt: Unit 
wattmeter: tool 
waul: cry 
waveform: shape 
wavelenghth: Length 
wavelet: water 
wavelike: curved 
wavy: curved 
wawl: cry 
wax: material 
waxen: yellow 
waxwing: bird 
waxwork: image 
wayfarer: human 
waygoing: start 
waylay: hide 
wayside: location 
waystation: facilities 
wayward: free 
WB: part 
Wb: Unit 
WBC: part 
we: human 
weakling: human 
weal: trace 
wealth: wealth 
wealthiness: wealth 
wealthy: rich 
wealthyness: rich 
wean: cease 
weaning: cease 
weaponeer: human 
weaponize: ize 
weaponry: weapon 
wear: PutOn 
wearability: Ability 
wearable: able 
wearables: artifact 
wearer: human 
wearied: tired 
weariness: tired 
wearisome: boring 
wearproof: able 
wearriful: able 
wearrisome: able 
weary: tired 
weasel: beast 
weatherbeaten: suffer 
weatherboard: tool 
weatherboarding: tool 
weathercock: tool 
weathered: suffer 
weatherglass: tool 
weatherly: facing 
weatherman: human 
weatherstripping: material 
weathervane: tool 
weave: weave 
weaver: bird 
weaverbird: bird 
weaving: weave 
web: part 
weber: Unit 
webinar: fact 
webpage: document 
website: InfoCarrier 
webspeak: language 
WeChat: InfoCarrier 
wed: GetMarried 
Wed: time 
wedding: fact 
wedel: exercise 
wedges: clothing 
wedgie: clothing 
wedgies: clothing 
wedlock: fact 
Wednesday: time 
week: Unit 
weekday: time 
weekend: time 
weeklong: TimeLong 
weeknight: time 
weeness: small 
weenie: food 
weensy: small 
weeny: small 
weep: weep 
weeper: human 
weepy: possible 
weevil: InsectWorm 
weewee: excrement 
Wehrmacht: army 
Weibo: InfoCarrier 
Weifang: place 
weighbridge: tool 
weigher: human 
weighman: human 
weight: Weight 
weightless: lose 
weightlessness: lose 
weightlift: exercise 
weightlifter: human 
weightlifting: fact 
Weihai: place 
Weihaiwei: place 
weild: shake 
Weimar: place 
Weinan: place 
weir: facilities 
weird: queer 
weirdie: human 
weirdness: queer 
weirdo: human 
weirdy: human 
Weisheng: surname 
weld: fasten 
welder: human 
welding: fact 
welfare: fact 
welfarist: place 
wellarranged: proper 
wellbeing: Fate 
wellborn: wellborn 
Wellington: place 
welllit: bright 
wellness: Health 
wellorganized: steady 
Wells: surname 
wellsituated: intermediate 
wellspring: part 
welt: shape 
Weltanschauung: standpoint 
welter: roll 
welterweight: Rank 
Weltschmerz: disgust 
wench: human 
Wenchang: place 
Wenchuan: place 
wend: GoForward 
Wendeng: place 
Weng: surname 
Wenren: surname 
Wenshui: place 
Wenxi: place 
Wenzhou: place 
werewolf: beast 
Wesel: place 
west: location 
West: place 
westbound: west 
westerly: west 
westernise: ize 
westernization: ize 
westernize: ize 
westernmost: west 
WestJet: InstitutePlace 
westmost: west 
westward: west 
wether: livestock 
wetland: land 
wetly: wet 
wetsuit: clothing 
wettability: Ability 
wettable: able 
wettish: wet 
Wetzlar: place 
WFC: part 
whack: damage 
whacky: mad 
whaler: ship 
whang: damage 
whap: damage 
wharf: facilities 
wharfage: facilities 
whatchamacallit: artifact 
whatchamacallum: thing 
whatnot: inanimate 
whatsoever: FuncWord 
wheal: trace 
wheat: crop 
wheatear: part 
wheaten: material 
wheedle: entice 
wheelbarrow: LandVehicle 
wheelboss: part 
wheelchair: furniture 
wheeled: PerformanceValue 
wheelman: human 
wheeze: pant 
wheezing: sound 
whelm: restrain 
whence: FuncWord 
whenever: FuncWord 
where: place 
whereabouts: location 
whereas: FuncWord 
whereby: FuncWord 
wherever: FuncWord 
wherewithal: fund 
whet: sharpen 
whether: FuncWord 
whetstone: tool 
which: FuncWord 
whicker: cry 
whidah: bird 
whiff: inhale 
while: time 
whimper: weep 
whimsical: rash 
whimsicality: rash 
whimsically: rash 
whine: sound 
whiner: human 
whinny: cry 
whippersnapper: human 
whir: MakeSound 
whirl: rotate 
whirligig: tool 
whirlwind: wind 
whirlybird: aircraft 
whirr: cry 
whisker: part 
whiskers: part 
whiskey: alcohol 
whisky: alcohol 
whisper: speak 
whisperer: human 
whistle: tool 
whistleblower: human 
whistlestop: attract 
whistling: sound 
whit: Amount 
white: white 
whitebait: fish 
whiteboard: tool 
whitecaps: water 
whitefish: fish 
whiteflag: tool 
whitehead: bird 
whiten: AlterColor 
whiteness: Color 
whiteout: apply 
whites: part 
whitetail: beast 
whitish: white 
whittle: cut 
whizz: VehicleGo 
who: FuncWord 
WHO: part 
whodunit: fact 
whodunnit: fact 
whodunwhat: fact 
whoever: FuncWord 
whole: wholly 
wholehearted: earnest 
wholeheartedly: earnest 
wholeheartedness: emotion 
wholemeal: material 
wholesale: wholly 
wholesaler: InstitutePlace 
wholesome: advantageous 
wholesomeness: advantageous 
wholly: wholly 
whom: FuncWord 
whomp: beat 
whoop: pant 
whoosh: TakeAway 
whop: damage 
whopping: very 
whore: human 
whorehouse: InstitutePlace 
whoremaster: human 
whoremonger: human 
whoreson: expression 
whorish: lascivious 
whshu: knowledge 
whydah: bird 
whydunit: fact 
whys: reason 
Wichita: place 
wick: part 
wicked: wicked 
wickedly: wicked 
wicker: part 
wickerwork: artifact 
wicking: part 
wideawake: clever 
wideband: facilities 
widely: extensive 
wideness: broad 
widespread: extensive 
widespreading: disseminate 
widget: thing 
widow: human 
widower: human 
widowered: widowed 
widowhood: alive 
widowman: human 
widthwise: horizontal 
wiener: food 
wienerwurst: food 
Wiesbaden: place 
wife: human 
wifeless: widowed 
wifely: qualified 
WiFi: facilities 
wiggle: shake 
wiggler: InsectWorm 
wigwag: shake 
Wikimedia: InfoCarrier 
Wikipedia: publications 
wildcard: symbol 
Wilde: human 
wildebeest: beast 
wilderness: land 
wildfire: fire 
wildfowl: bird 
wilding: beast 
wildish: fierce 
wildlifer: human 
wilds: land 
wile: method 
wilful: stubborn 
wilfully: stubborn 
Wilhelmshaven: place 
will: text 
willful: rash 
willfully: rash 
William: human 
willingness: willing 
willow: tree 
willowy: gracious 
willpower: Will 
wilt: decline 
wilted: frail 
wilting: decline 
wily: able 
wimble: tool 
win: win 
winch: tool 
wind: wind 
windbreak: tree 
windburn: mishap 
windcheater: clothing 
windcherter: clothing 
windchill: weather 
windfall: wealth 
windflaw: wind 
Windhoek: place 
windiness: phenomena 
windmill: tool 
window: part 
windowpane: part 
Windows: software 
windowsill: part 
windpipe: part 
windpower: electricity 
windscreen: part 
windstorm: wind 
windsurfer: SportTool 
windsurfing: fact 
windup: part 
windward: direction 
wine: alcohol 
winemaker: human 
winery: InstitutePlace 
wineshop: InstitutePlace 
wingceltis: tree 
wingspan: Length 
wingspread: Length 
winker: tool 
winkle: illuminate 
winner: human 
winning: BestQuality 
Winnipeg: place 
winsome: bewitching 
winsomeness: Ability 
winter: time 
winterise: prepare 
winterize: prepare 
winterkilling: mishap 
wintersweet: FlowerGrass 
wintertime: time 
wintery: cold 
winze: facilities 
WIPO: part 
wire: transmit 
wired: PerformanceValue 
wiredraw: straighten 
wirepuller: human 
wirepulling: incite 
wiring: connect 
Wisconsin: place 
Wisconsinite: human 
wisdom: Wisdom 
wise: wise 
wisecrack: text 
wisely: wise 
wiseness: wise 
wish: willing 
wishful: expect 
wishywashy: insubstantial 
Wismar: place 
wisp: NounUnit 
wispy: blurred 
wistaria: FlowerGrass 
wisteria: FlowerGrass 
wistful: expect 
wit: Wisdom 
witchcraft: method 
witchdoctor: human 
witchery: method 
witchlike: BeSimilar 
withdraw: TakeBack 
withdrawnness: unsociable 
withered: wane 
withhold: detain 
withholding: expenditure 
withstand: withstand 
witticism: text 
wittily: dexterous 
witty: dexterous 
wive: MarryFrom 
wiz: human 
wizard: human 
wizardry: Ability 
WMD: weapon 
WMO: part 
Wo: surname 
woad: FlowerGrass 
wobbler: wave 
wobbly: shaky 
woebegone: sorrowful 
woeful: sorrowful 
wok: tool 
wolf: human 
Wolfburg: place 
wolfer: human 
wolfhound: livestock 
wolfish: fierce 
wolflike: BeSimilar 
wolfram: metal 
wollens: material 
wolly: clothing 
Wolof: language 
womanhood: human 
womanise: FondOf 
womanish: BehaviorValue 
womanishness: BehaviorValue 
womanize: FondOf 
womanizer: human 
womankind: human 
womanlike: BeSimilar 
womanliness: Behavior 
womanly: qualified 
wombat: beast 
women: human 
womenfolk: human 
wonderful: queer 
wonderfully: queer 
wonderfulness: fantastic 
wonderland: place 
wonderment: surprise 
wonderwork: phenomena 
wonky: slanted 
wont: Habit 
wonton: food 
woo: ShowLove 
woodcarver: human 
woodcarving: image 
woodchat: bird 
woodchopper: human 
woodchuck: beast 
woodcraft: affairs 
woodcreeper: bird 
woodcut: carve 
woodenhead: human 
woodenly: vulgar 
woodgrain: trace 
woodhewer: bird 
woodland: land 
woodlander: human 
woodlet: tree 
woodman: human 
woodpecker: bird 
woods: tree 
woodsman: human 
woodstone: stone 
woodsy: exuberant 
woodworker: human 
woodworking: affairs 
woody: PropertyValue 
wooer: human 
woof: tool 
wooing: BeInLove 
woolgather: cherish 
woolgathering: absentminded 
woolly: part 
woolman: human 
wooly: part 
woosh: TakeAway 
Worcester: place 
worcestershire: material 
wordbook: publications 
wordiness: trivial 
wording: method 
wordless: BehaviorValue 
WordNet: software 
words: text 
wordy: trivial 
work: use 
workable: possible 
workaday: ordinary 
workaholic: human 
workbasket: tool 
workbench: furniture 
workbook: readings 
workbox: tool 
workday: time 
workfellow: human 
workforce: Amount 
workingman: human 
workings: facilities 
workload: Amount 
workman: human 
workmate: human 
workout: exercise 
workpeople: human 
workpiece: part 
workplace: organization 
workpoint: NounUnit 
workroom: room 
workshop: part 
workstation: computer 
worktable: furniture 
workwoman: human 
world: place 
worldliness: Wisdom 
worldly: sly 
worldwide: international 
wormhole: shape 
Worms: place 
wormwood: FlowerGrass 
wormy: bite 
worn: used 
worriment: cause 
worry: worried 
worse: inferior 
worsen: ize 
worshiper: human 
worshipful: glorious 
worshipper: human 
worst: inferior 
worthily: noble 
worthiness: Worthiness 
worthless: valueless 
worthwhile: worth 
worthy: true 
would: FuncWord 
wrack: damage 
wraith: humanized 
wrangle: quarrel 
wrap: wrap 
wraparound: clothing 
wrappage: material 
wrapped: attentive 
wrapper: tool 
wrapping: tool 
wrasse: fish 
wrathful: angry 
wrawl: cry 
wreak: punish 
wreath: tool 
wreathe: coil 
wreckage: part 
wren: bird 
wrench: wounded 
wrenching: miserable 
wrest: rob 
wrestler: human 
wrestling: fact 
wretch: human 
wretched: miserable 
wretchedly: miserable 
wretchedness: miserable 
wrick: wounded 
wriggle: shake 
wriggler: InsectWorm 
wriggling: crawl 
wringer: human 
wrinkled: wrinkled 
wristwatch: tool 
writ: text 
written: FormValue 
wrong: wrong 
wrongdoer: human 
wrongdoing: fact 
wrongful: unlawful 
wrongfully: unlawful 
wrongheaded: stubborn 
wrongheadedly: stubborn 
wrongly: wrong 
wry: unfriendly 
wryly: unfriendly 
WSD: fact 
WTO: institution 
Wu: waters 
Wuchang: place 
Wudalianchi: place 
Wuhai: place 
Wuhan: place 
Wuhu: place 
Wujin: place 
Wulanhaote: place 
Wuliangye: alcohol 
Wulong: place 
Wulumuqi: place 
Wuma: surname 
Wushan: place 
Wusu: place 
Wutai: place 
Wuuppertal: place 
Wuwei: place 
Wuxia: place 
Wuxiang: place 
Wuxue: place 
Wuyuan: place 
Wuzhai: place 
Wuzhong: place 
Wuzhou: place 
WWW: part 
Wyoming: place 
Wyomingite: human 
xanthic: lascivious 
xanthoma: disease 
xanthophore: part 
xanthophyll: part 
xanthosis: disease 
xanthous: yellow 
XC: cardinal 
xenon: chemical 
xenophobia: emotion 
xenophobic: emotion 
xerograph: method 
xerographic: method 
xerography: print 
xeroma: disease 
xerophthalmia: disease 
xerophthalmus: disease 
xerox: print 
Xerox: tool 
Xhosa: language 
XI: cardinal 
Xi: surname 
Xia: surname 
Xiahou: surname 
Xiamen: place 
Xiang: surname 
Xiangcheng: place 
Xiangfan: place 
Xiangfen: place 
Xiangli: surname 
Xiangning: place 
Xiangtan: place 
Xiangxiang: place 
Xiangyang: place 
Xiangyvan: place 
Xianluo: place 
Xianning: place 
Xiantao: place 
Xianyang: place 
Xianyu: surname 
Xiao: surname 
Xiaogan: place 
xiaogui: human 
Xiaoxiang: place 
Xiaoyi: place 
Xiaxian: place 
Xichang: place 
Xicheng: place 
Xichuan: place 
Xidan: place 
Xie: surname 
XII: cardinal 
XIII: cardinal 
Xijiang: place 
Xilinguole: place 
Xilinhaote: place 
Ximen: surname 
Ximending: place 
Xin: surname 
Xincheng: place 
Xindu: place 
Xing: surname 
Xingcheng: place 
Xinghua: place 
Xingtai: place 
Xingxian: place 
Xingyang: place 
Xingyi: place 
Xinhua: institution 
Xining: place 
Xinjiang: place 
Xinjie: place 
Xinlang: InstitutePlace 
Xinxian: place 
Xinxiang: place 
Xinyang: place 
Xinyu: place 
Xinzhou: place 
Xinzhu: place 
Xiong: surname 
Xiongan: place 
Xiongyue: place 
Xiongzhou: place 
Xishuangbanna: place 
Xisi: place 
Xiuning: place 
Xixian: place 
Xiyang: place 
Xizang: place 
XL: cardinal 
Xmas: time 
XTC: drug 
Xu: surname 
Xuan: surname 
Xuancheng: place 
Xuande: time 
Xuanhe: time 
Xuantong: time 
Xuanwei: place 
Xuanwu: place 
Xuanyuan: surname 
Xuanzhou: place 
Xuchang: place 
Xuchi: place 
Xue: surname 
Xuhui: place 
Xun: surname 
Xuzhou: place 
xvan: tool 
XXIII: cardinal 
XXIX: cardinal 
XXVII: cardinal 
XXVIII: cardinal 
XXXV: cardinal 
xylene: chemical 
xylitol: chemical 
xylogen: PropertyValue 
xylographer: human 
xyloid: PropertyValue 
xylol: chemical 
xylologic: knowledge 
xylology: knowledge 
xylonite: material 
xylophone: MusicTool 
xylophonist: human 
xylose: chemical 
xylosma: tree 
Y: metal 
Ya: place 
Yaan: place 
yachtsman: human 
yachtsmen: human 
yachtswoman: human 
yachtswomen: human 
yack: speak 
Yahoo: InstitutePlace 
yak: beast 
yakitori: food 
yaksha: human 
Yale: InstitutePlace 
Yalta: place 
Yalu: waters 
Yama: humanized 
Yamagata: place 
Yamaguchi: place 
yamen: part 
yammer: cry 
Yanbian: place 
Yanchuan: place 
Yanfa: surname 
Yang: surname 
Yanggao: place 
Yangquan: place 
Yangqv: place 
Yangshe: surname 
Yangshuo: place 
Yangtse: waters 
Yangtze: waters 
Yangzhou: place 
Yangzi: waters 
Yanji: place 
Yank: human 
yank: pull 
Yankee: human 
Yanqing: place 
Yanshou: place 
Yantai: place 
Yanzhou: place 
Yaounde: place 
yap: cry 
yardbird: human 
yardman: human 
yardmen: human 
yardstick: Standard 
yardstrick: Range 
yare: nimble 
yarmelke: clothing 
yarmulka: clothing 
yarmulke: clothing 
yarn: material 
yarrow: FlowerGrass 
yashmac: tool 
yashmak: tool 
Yasukuni: facilities 
Yatsushiro: place 
yaup: cry 
yaw: VehicleGo 
yawl: ship 
yawner: human 
yawnful: able 
yawp: cry 
yaws: disease 
Yb: metal 
YD: money 
Ye: surname 
yean: reproduce 
yeanling: child 
year: Unit 
yearbook: publications 
yearling: human 
yearlong: TimeLong 
yearly: FrequencyValue 
yearn: expect 
yearner: human 
yearning: eager 
yearningly: eager 
years: time 
yeasty: chaotic 
yeller: human 
yellow: yellow 
yellowbellied: timid 
yellowbird: bird 
yellowish: yellow 
yellowness: yellow 
yellowwood: tree 
yelp: cry 
Yeltsin: human 
Yemen: place 
yen: expect 
Yen: money 
Yenisei: waters 
Yenisey: waters 
yenta: human 
yes: expression 
yeshiva: InstitutePlace 
yeshivah: InstitutePlace 
yesman: human 
yesteryear: time 
yet: present 
yeti: humanized 
yew: tree 
Yexian: place 
Yezo: place 
Yi: surname 
Yibin: place 
Yichang: place 
Yicheng: place 
Yichuan: place 
Yichun: place 
Yiddish: language 
yieldingly: docile 
Yilan: place 
Yili: place 
Yimeng: place 
Yinchuan: place 
Ying: waters 
Yingcheng: place 
Yingkou: place 
Yingluck: human 
Yingtan: place 
Yingxian: place 
Yingxiu: place 
Yining: place 
Yinxian: place 
yip: cry 
Yiwu: place 
Yixian: place 
Yixing: place 
Yiyang: place 
YMCA: community 
yob: human 
yobbo: human 
yobo: human 
yodel: sing 
yoga: fact 
yoghourt: food 
yoghurt: food 
yogurt: food 
Yogyakarta: place 
yoke: tool 
yokelish: PoorlyBred 
Yokohama: place 
Yokosuka: place 
yokozuna: human 
yolk: part 
yonder: location 
yong: MusicTool 
Yongchuan: place 
Yonghe: place 
Yongji: place 
Yongshan: place 
Yongtai: place 
Yongzheng: time 
Yongzhou: place 
Yonhap: institution 
yore: time 
York: place 
Yorouba: language 
You: surname 
youngest: junior 
youngish: young 
youngker: human 
youngling: human 
Youngstown: place 
Youqin: surname 
your: specific 
yourself: human 
yourseves: human 
youthful: time 
youthfulness: time 
youths: human 
Youyv: place 
yowling: sound 
yr: time 
YRI: money 
ytterbium: metal 
yttrium: metal 
yu: character 
Yuan: surname 
Yuan: waters 
Yucheng: place 
Yuchi: surname 
Yuci: place 
yucky: able 
yue: MusicTool 
Yue: surname 
Yueshuai: surname 
Yuexi: place 
Yueyang: place 
Yuezheng: surname 
yuffie: human 
Yugoslavia: place 
Yugurs: tribe 
yukata: clothing 
Yukon: waters 
Yule: time 
Yuletide: time 
Yulin: place 
Yumen: place 
yummy: GoodTaste 
Yun: surname 
Yuncheng: place 
Yunfu: place 
Yunlin: place 
Yunnan: place 
Yunshui: waters 
Yunxian: place 
Yunyang: place 
yuppie: human 
yurt: house 
Yushu: place 
Yuwen: surname 
Yuxi: place 
Yuyang: place 
Yuyao: place 
Yuzhou: place 
Yvanping: place 
Yvanqv: place 
Yvshe: place 
Yvxian: place 
YWCA: community 
zaftig: fat 
Zagreb: place 
Zai: surname 
Zaifu: surname 
Zaire: place 
Zairean: RelatingToCountry 
Zambezi: waters 
Zambia: place 
Zan: surname 
Zang: surname 
zany: human 
Zaozhuang: place 
zap: Life 
Ze: surname 
Zealand: land 
zealot: human 
zealous: ardent 
zebra: beast 
zebu: livestock 
Zeku: place 
Zen: knowledge 
Zeng: surname 
zenithal: Boundary 
zephyr: wind 
zerography: method 
zest: emotion 
zestful: FeelingByGood 
zestfully: BehaviorValue 
zestily: BehaviorValue 
Zeus: humanized 
Zezhou: place 
Zha: surname 
Zhai: surname 
Zhaibei: place 
Zhan: surname 
Zhangdu: surname 
Zhangjiagang: place 
Zhangjiajie: place 
Zhangjiakou: place 
Zhangsun: surname 
Zhangye: place 
Zhangzhou: place 
Zhanjiang: place 
Zhao: surname 
Zhaodong: place 
Zhaoqing: place 
Zhaotong: place 
Zhaozhou: place 
zhegucai: FlowerGrass 
Zhejiang: place 
Zhen: surname 
zheng: MusicTool 
Zheng: surname 
Zhengding: place 
Zhenguan: time 
Zhengzhou: place 
Zhenjiang: place 
zhi: character 
Zhi: surname 
Zhicheng: place 
Zhigui: place 
Zhong: surname 
Zhongguancun: place 
Zhongkui: humanized 
Zhongli: surname 
Zhongnanhai: institution 
Zhongning: place 
Zhongshan: place 
Zhongsun: surname 
Zhongxiang: place 
Zhongyang: place 
Zhou: surname 
Zhoushan: place 
Zhouyi: knowledge 
Zhu: waters 
Zhuang: surname 
Zhuansun: surname 
Zhucheng: place 
Zhufu: surname 
Zhuge: surname 
Zhuhai: place 
Zhui: surname 
Zhukov: human 
Zhumadian: place 
Zhuning: place 
ZhuoLu: place 
Zhuoxian: place 
Zhuozhou: place 
Zhuzhou: place 
zi: place 
Zi: surname 
Zibo: place 
Ziche: surname 
Zichuan: place 
zidovudine: medicine 
zig: TurnRound 
Zigong: place 
zigzaged: curved 
zilch: Amount 
zillion: cardinal 
zillionaire: human 
Zimbabwe: place 
zinc: metal 
zincic: metal 
zinciferous: PropertyValue 
zincify: apply 
zincograph: tool 
zing: Life 
zinnia: FlowerGrass 
Zionism: thinking 
zippy: nimble 
zircon: stone 
zirconium: metal 
zloty: money 
Zn: metal 
zodiac: route 
zodiacal: route 
zoftig: fat 
zokor: beast 
Zola: human 
Zomba: place 
zone: place 
Zong: surname 
Zongzheng: surname 
zoo: facilities 
zooerastia: fact 
zooerasty: fact 
zoogamy: fact 
zoogony: SourceValue 
zoological: knowledge 
zoologist: human 
zoology: knowledge 
zoon: AnimalHuman 
zoonal: AnimalHuman 
zoonomy: knowledge 
zoonosis: disease 
zoonotic: able 
zoophaga: animal 
zoophagous: HabitValue 
zoophile: human 
zoophilist: human 
zooplankton: animal 
zootomist: human 
zoril: beast 
Zoroastrianism: community 
Zou: surname 
Zoucheng: place 
Zr: metal 
Zu: surname 
Zulu: language 
Zuma: human 
Zunhua: place 
Zunyi: place 
Zuo: surname 
Zuoqiu: surname 
Zuoqvan: place 
Zuoyun: place 
Zurich: place 
Zwickau: place 
zygodactyl: FormValue 
zygoma: part 
zygomorphic: symmetrical 
zygomorphous: symmetrical 
zygosis: merge 
zygote: food 
zymase: part 
zyme: part 
zymolytic: StateChange 
zymotic: StateChange 

abecedarian: human 
ability: Ability 
able: able 
accidence: knowledge 
accuser: human 
acrobatics: shows 
actinotherapy: fact 
activist: human 
activity: fact 
actress: human 
actually: FuncWord 
adductive: internal 
adjudicate: judge 
administrator: human 
admiral: human 
adobe: material 
adulterous: immoral 
advantageous: advantageous 
adversary: human 
advise: persuade 
adytum: room 
afflict: CauseToDo 
aft: part 
after: time 
aide: human 
Alexandria: place 
alley: route 
allot: issue 
also: FuncWord 
amazing: able 
ambition: aspiration 
announcer: human 
anode: part 
answer: result 
anteroom: room 
anthem: music 
anticonvulsant: medicine 
apoplexy: disease 
appellant: human 
appendage: part 
appendix: part 
arbitrage: fact 
area: place 
arena: facilities 
arithmetic: knowledge 
armpit: part 
arriving: arrive 
arrowhead: part 
arthrocentesis: fact 
arthrodesis: fact 
artist: human 
as: FuncWord 
assailant: human 
astern: part 
at: FuncWord 
attacker: human 
attentive: attentive 
attract: attract 
auditor: human 
aunt: human 
Australia: place 
Austria: place 
autocrat: human 
avariciously: acquisitive 
axle: part 
bachelor: human 
backache: phenomena 
backslide: BeRecovered 
bacon: food 
bacteroid: bacteria 
bagger: human 
Bahamas: place 
bakeoff: fact 
bambino: human 
bandit: human 
Baoshan: place 
barn: facilities 
barometer: tool 
baron: human 
bazar: InstitutePlace 
bean: part 
because: FuncWord 
bedclothes: tool 
beginner: human 
behave: ActGeneral 
benefactor: human 
Bermuda: place 
besides: FuncWord 
bestow: grant 
betrayer: human 
betrothal: fact 
beyond: location 
Binzhou: place 
biometrics: knowledge 
biopsy: fact 
Birmingham: place 
bite: bite 
blabbermouth: human 
blacken: AlterColor 
bladder: part 
blower: tool 
Bohemian: human 
boiler: tool 
bondsman: human 
bookmark: tool 
bookmobile: InstitutePlace 
booster: human 
booty: artifact 
borderline: part 
boulevard: route 
boundary: part 
bowl: tool 
boxer: human 
break: time 
breastfeed: feed 
brightness: Brightness 
Britain: place 
broiler: bird 
brothers: human 
brow: part 
buck: beast 
bud: part 
buffer: part 
bugle: MusicTool 
bugler: human 
bulb: part 
bully: damage 
bunch: NounUnit 
burglarise: steal 
burial: bury 
bury: bury 
business: affairs 
but: FuncWord 
butcher: kill 
butt: part 
by: FuncWord 
CAAC: part 
cabal: community 
cabin: room 
caller: human 
cameraman: human 
camp: reside 
cancerate: ill 
cannot: FuncWord 
cant: expression 
capability: Ability 
cape: clothing 
capsule: tool 
captive: human 
carcase: part 
cardialgia: phenomena 
caregiver: human 
carousel: tool 
carpet: tool 
cashier: human 
casket: tool 
cast: tool 
Catalonia: place 
cattail: FlowerGrass 
cavern: part 
CDC: part 
cent: Unit 
ceramist: human 
cervical: part 
CFAF: money 
chairman: human 
chairwoman: human 
Changji: place 
channel: waters 
Chaoyang: place 
chaperon: human 
charm: Demeanor 
chassis: part 
chemist: human 
chicken: bird 
chief: human 
child: human 
children: human 
chloasma: phenomena 
chlortetracycline: medicine 
chronograph: tool 
chum: human 
circumcentre: location 
circumcise: doctor 
clack: MakeSound 
clang: sound 
clarification: explain 
clarify: explain 
clerk: human 
client: human 
clinker: material 
clippers: tool 
clique: community 
cloak: clothing 
clown: human 
coach: teach 
cobbler: human 
cocktail: food 
collaborator: human 
Colon: money 
combat: fight 
commentary: text 
commissioner: human 
communicable: able 
communise: ize 
communist: human 
communize: ize 
competence: Ability 
concubine: human 
conductor: human 
conferment: grant 
confess: admit 
confession: admit 
consume: exhaust 
container: tool 
contestant: human 
contributor: human 
convalesce: BeRecovered 
convergence: ComeTogether 
converter: machine 
copper: metal 
core: part 
corner: location 
costumer: human 
council: institution 
counselor: human 
country: place 
countryman: human 
countrymen: human 
coupon: coupon 
course: route 
cousin: human 
cover: tool 
covering: part 
cranium: part 
credentials: document 
creed: thinking 
cremate: burn 
cremation: burn 
crest: part 
crinkle: FormChange 
crossbeam: part 
crotch: part 
cruiser: LandVehicle 
cultivate: cultivate 
cultivation: cultivate 
cuticle: part 
CVA: disease 
cytogenetics: knowledge 
damage: damage 
day: time 
dealer: human 
debarkation: leave 
debilitated: frail 
debris: part 
defeat: defeat 
defendant: human 
defender: human 
degree: Unit 
deliverer: human 
departing: leave 
department: part 
depend: depend 
deplete: exhaust 
depot: facilities 
depreciation: BecomeLess 
deputy: human 
deserter: human 
desktop: part 
desperado: human 
despot: human 
detective: human 
devastating: able 
devotee: human 
differentiate: distinguish 
digress: disobey 
dilation: enlarge 
diltiazem: medicine 
dinner: fact 
disadvantageous: disadvantageous 
disaffection: emotion 
disburse: pay 
disciple: human 
discolor: AlterColor 
discoverer: human 
disembarkation: leave 
disembarkment: leave 
dispense: issue 
dispenser: human 
dissolve: StateChange 
distributor: human 
disturbance: phenomena 
division: part 
Djibouti: place 
DKr: money 
doctor: human 
doctrinaire: human 
dodge: escape 
domino: tool 
donor: human 
draftsman: human 
dragnet: tool 
drawing: image 
dredger: ship 
dress: PutOn 
dressing: material 
drink: drink 
driver: human 
dropout: human 
dumpling: food 
dung: excrement 
dye: AlterColor 
edge: part 
efface: remove 
effect: Effectivity 
eggshell: part 
elder: human 
elixir: medicine 
embarkation: GoInto 
embarkment: GoInto 
embezzler: human 
embrasure: part 
embryo: part 
embryotic: StageEarly 
Emirian: RelatingToCountry 
emissary: human 
empress: human 
encamp: reside 
endorse: endorse 
engagement: fact 
engine: part 
enhance: MakeBetter 
enlighten: teach 
enlightenment: knowledge 
enlist: include 
enlistment: include 
enmity: emotion 
enthusiast: human 
envoy: human 
ephemeral: TimeShort 
epilog: part 
epilogue: part 
epithelioma: disease 
equipment: implement 
equivocate: speak 
erase: remove 
ergonomics: knowledge 
escapee: human 
Escudo: money 
essay: text 
ethnology: knowledge 
evaluate: estimate 
eve: time 
event: fact 
examiner: human 
except: FuncWord 
excoriate: ExpressAgainst 
expose: exposure 
expressiveness: Ability 
extort: seek 
fabricator: human 
faceplate: part 
facet: part 
facilitate: benefit 
faction: community 
fairy: humanized 
fanatic: human 
fang: part 
farm: InstitutePlace 
fasting: GiveUp 
favourite: human 
feeble: frail 
fellow: human 
fennel: material 
fermentation: fact 
fertilisation: transmit 
fertilise: transmit 
fictitious: fake 
FIFA: institution 
fight: fight 
filling: material 
fin: part 
finals: fact 
financial: affairs 
firearms: weapon 
fireman: human 
fist: part 
flake: shape 
flashlight: tool 
flask: tool 
flatcar: LandVehicle 
flesh: part 
flexibility: Adaptability 
floozy: human 
fluent: fluent 
flunkey: human 
foggy: blurred 
fold: trace 
follower: human 
force: Strength 
foreigner: human 
foreleg: part 
forger: human 
format: Pattern 
former: past 
fountainhead: part 
fragments: inanimate 
frailty: frail 
freshman: human 
fringe: part 
frogman: human 
front: part 
frontrunner: human 
gala: fact 
gallery: facilities 
galley: room 
galvanize: apply 
Gaocheng: place 
garret: room 
gate: part 
gearbox: part 
genitals: part 
gentleman: human 
gentlewoman: human 
gentry: human 
Georgia: place 
germ: bacteria 
gestate: pregnant 
giglet: human 
gill: part 
girder: part 
girl: human 
girlish: BehaviorValue 
gist: part 
glacial: cold 
glamour: Ability 
glasses: tool 
glassware: tool 
glove: SportTool 
goblin: humanized 
goddess: humanized 
godfather: human 
godmother: human 
goitre: disease 
grade: Rank 
granddaughter: human 
grandfather: human 
grandma: human 
grandmother: human 
grandpa: human 
grandson: human 
granduncle: human 
grannie: human 
granny: human 
grant: issue 
granuloma: disease 
gratuity: payment 
gravitation: Strength 
Greece: place 
greedily: acquisitive 
greedy: acquisitive 
grievance: emotion 
grip: Strength 
guardian: human 
guess: guess 
guest: human 
guide: part 
Guiyang: place 
gunman: human 
gunner: human 
gym: facilities 
gymnasium: facilities 
gyp: cheat 
halter: tool 
ham: food 
hammock: furniture 
handgrip: part 
handlebar: part 
handler: human 
handrail: fittings 
harden: ize 
hare: beast 
harm: damage 
hatchel: PutInOrder 
haystack: FlowerGrass 
he: human 
headquarters: part 
headword: part 
heal: BeRecovered 
heater: tool 
heating: fact 
heatproof: able 
heel: part 
helix: part 
hello: expression 
helve: part 
henchman: human 
her: human 
herbivore: animal 
hereditary: SourceValue 
hero: human 
heterodoxy: thinking 
hey: sound 
hideout: place 
highlight: emphasize 
hijack: control 
hijacker: human 
hiker: human 
hill: land 
Hillary: human 
HK: place 
hoe: remove 
holdup: rob 
holiday: time 
homemaker: human 
hopeless: impossible 
hostel: InstitutePlace 
hostess: human 
hostility: emotion 
hotel: InstitutePlace 
Houma: place 
housekeeper: human 
howl: cry 
Huaian: place 
hullo: expression 
humidity: Dampness 
hussy: human 
hustler: human 
hut: house 
hydrokinetics: knowledge 
hypotension: disease 
I: human 
icy: cold 
idea: thought 
ideal: aspiration 
idiomatic: pure 
idler: human 
if: FuncWord 
illegitimate: unlawful 
illusory: fake 
imaginary: fake 
immaterialise: ize 
immaterialize: ize 
impeach: accuse 
inactivated: inanimate 
inaugurate: begin 
inbound: arrive 
incinerate: burn 
incineration: burn 
incinerator: facilities 
incite: incite 
incitement: incite 
inconsiderable: few 
indeed: FuncWord 
India: place 
Indian: human 
indorse: endorse 
indorsement: endorse 
industry: affairs 
ineradicable: difficult 
inert: inactive 
infect: infect 
infective: able 
infiltrator: human 
informant: human 
informer: human 
inhabitant: human 
inhumanity: Behavior 
initiator: human 
injure: damage 
inn: InstitutePlace 
inscribe: sign 
inseparable: impossible 
instep: part 
instigate: incite 
instigation: incite 
instigator: human 
instruction: text 
instructor: human 
insurgence: fact 
insurgency: fact 
intellectual: human 
intensification: ize 
intensify: ize 
interchangeable: able 
interiorize: ize 
intersection: part 
interstice: location 
introspect: check 
inundate: spill 
invest: provide 
investigator: human 
invitee: human 
irrecoverable: impossible 
irremediable: impossible 
irreparable: impossible 
irritant: able 
irritating: able 
ISBN: Number 
isinglass: material 
isolate: separate 
isolation: separate 
jewelry: tool 
Jiexiu: place 
Jilin: place 
jilted: suffer 
jingoist: human 
joiner: human 
joint: part 
joker: human 
jollify: joyful 
judgement: judge 
kettle: tool 
kindness: emotion 
king: human 
Kingston: place 
knead: PlayWith 
knight: human 
knuckle: part 
Korea: place 
Koruna: money 
labia: part 
lackey: human 
lady: human 
landlord: human 
lap: part 
lapidary: human 
lass: human 
layman: human 
leave: SetAside 
legalist: human 
legend: text 
legible: easy 
lens: part 
lesion: location 
licence: document 
lighting: lights 
lineage: Lineage 
linesman: human 
Linyi: place 
liquidity: Ability 
Lira: money 
litigious: FondOf 
loafer: human 
locale: location 
locus: location 
logbook: document 
lollipop: food 
looker: human 
loosen: AlterMeasurement 
loot: artifact 
lotion: medicine 
Lucheng: place 
lymphatic: part 
lyophilise: dry 
lyophilize: dry 
lyric: text 
madam: human 
maid: human 
maimed: human 
man: human 
manager: human 
Manchuria: place 
manikin: human 
manometer: tool 
manuscript: text 
many: many 
matron: human 
may: FuncWord 
me: human 
meadow: land 
mediator: human 
medico: human 
Meixian: place 
meliorist: human 
melody: music 
meltdown: end 
membrane: part 
memorial: fact 
men: human 
menfolk: human 
menses: part 
mescaline: medicine 
metonym: expression 
metric: regulation 
metro: facilities 
Mianyang: place 
migrate: SelfMove 
mildew: bacteria 
mile: Unit 
millennium: time 
millstone: tool 
milt: part 
minister: human 
mismanage: handle 
mistress: human 
misty: blurred 
mobile: able 
module: part 
momentum: Strength 
monster: humanized 
monthly: FrequencyValue 
more: many 
morning: time 
morphology: knowledge 
moth: InsectWorm 
mover: human 
mow: break 
much: many 
multiplier: tool 
mumps: disease 
museum: InstitutePlace 
mushroom: AlgaeFungi 
musician: human 
muzzle: part 
Nanjing: place 
napkin: tool 
nationalise: ize 
nationalization: ize 
nationalize: ize 
native: human 
navigator: human 
neck: part 
negotiate: discuss 
nest: house 
neurologist: human 
neurology: knowledge 
newsprint: material 
Niagara: waters 
night: time 
nightfall: time 
nipple: part 
nitwit: human 
nobody: human 
nocturia: phenomena 
noise: sound 
nose: part 
notes: text 
novice: human 
nuisance: fact 
nun: human 
objector: human 
obligee: human 
ode: text 
offence: fact 
offender: human 
officer: human 
offshoot: part 
oh: sound 
omelet: food 
on: location 
operation: fight 
operator: human 
or: FuncWord 
originator: human 
ornaments: tool 
orthodontist: human 
Oscar: fact 
otherwise: FuncWord 
outlaw: human 
outpace: surpass 
ovary: part 
oven: tool 
over: many 
overbid: propose 
overcautious: cautious 
overcharge: propose 
overlord: human 
overseer: human 
overthrow: defeat 
overview: text 
ox: livestock 
packer: human 
pain: experience 
palaeodendrology: knowledge 
paleodendrology: knowledge 
pancreas: part 
paperboard: material 
Papuan: RelatingToCountry 
parachuter: human 
parachutist: human 
paramour: human 
parasol: tool 
pariah: human 
park: facilities 
participant: human 
partner: human 
party: community 
passage: part 
patience: Patience 
patron: human 
pear: fruit 
pedlar: human 
pellet: shape 
penalization: punish 
penalize: punish 
penicillin: medicine 
penitence: repent 
penology: knowledge 
pension: payment 
penurious: poor 
penury: poor 
people: human 
perceptiveness: Perceptiveness 
perm: MakeUp 
permeable: able 
pernicious: disadvantageous 
perquisite: payment 
personage: human 
peruse: read 
pestilence: disease 
petition: request 
petrify: ize 
pettitoes: food 
philanthropist: human 
picturesque: beautiful 
pigtail: part 
pilfer: steal 
pilferer: human 
pilgrim: human 
pillion: part 
pilot: human 
pin: tool 
pistil: part 
pivot: part 
plague: disease 
plaint: document 
plank: material 
plasma: part 
plate: tool 
pleader: human 
pleat: trace 
plebe: human 
plotter: human 
plumbism: disease 
PM: human 
podium: facilities 
pointer: part 
poker: tool 
pollute: pollute 
populace: human 
porous: able 
porter: human 
porthole: part 
portraiture: image 
postgraduate: human 
postil: part 
postman: human 
potentate: human 
pothouse: InstitutePlace 
prattle: speak 
preach: disseminate 
precedent: example 
preceding: past 
preceptor: human 
predicament: Circumstances 
prefecture: place 
prefer: willing 
premium: expenditure 
previous: past 
prickly: FormValue 
primary: primary 
probationer: human 
procurator: human 
procuratorate: institution 
procuress: human 
producer: human 
productive: able 
profession: affairs 
profiteer: human 
promoter: human 
prompter: human 
proprietress: human 
prospecting: investigate 
prostitution: affairs 
protagonist: human 
prototype: example 
provoking: able 
provost: human 
pseudonym: Name 
Pucheng: place 
pulsation: phenomena 
pulse: phenomena 
purview: Range 
Quebec: place 
queen: human 
quell: restrain 
radiography: fact 
radiology: knowledge 
radiotherapy: fact 
rain: RainSnow 
Rand: money 
razor: tool 
reap: gather 
rebate: return 
reclaimable: able 
recording: record 
reduce: subtract 
reflector: tool 
refund: return 
region: place 
regularization: ize 
rejuvenate: BeRecovered 
reminisce: LookBack 
remorse: emotion 
remuneration: payment 
remunerative: able 
repeal: remove 
representative: human 
repression: restrain 
reprieve: delay 
reproduction: produce 
rescind: remove 
resell: sell 
residence: house 
resign: cease 
resignation: cease 
respondent: human 
restrain: restrain 
retreat: GoBackward 
revoke: remove 
rhetorician: human 
rheumatic: disease 
rheumatoid: disease 
rhythm: Frequency 
Richmond: place 
rind: part 
ringleader: human 
roar: sound 
robe: clothing 
romance: fact 
rostrum: facilities 
route: route 
row: shape 
ruffian: human 
rug: tool 
Ruicheng: place 
ruins: part 
ruler: human 
runner: human 
sadist: human 
sadness: emotion 
sailor: human 
sake: alcohol 
sampler: human 
sashimi: food 
satchel: tool 
Savior: human 
scald: damage 
scalper: human 
scapegrace: human 
scenario: publications 
scheme: plan 
scholar: human 
schoolteacher: human 
screen: tool 
screening: check 
scripture: publications 
scrutineer: human 
scrutinize: check 
seaman: human 
search: LookFor 
section: part 
seditious: able 
seduce: entice 
seduction: entice 
segment: part 
Senegal: place 
seniors: human 
sensitivity: Ability 
separate: separate 
series: NounUnit 
sermonize: disseminate 
servile: docile 
Shangrao: place 
she: human 
sheath: tool 
shipboard: part 
shocking: able 
shockingly: able 
shoot: shoot 
shorten: shrink 
should: FuncWord 
shouter: human 
showroom: room 
shrine: facilities 
shudder: shiver 
shutdown: cease 
sick: ill 
signalman: human 
sill: part 
similarity: Similarity 
since: FuncWord 
Singapore: place 
sister: human 
skeleton: part 
skull: part 
slaughter: kill 
sledge: tool 
sleigh: tool 
sliver: shape 
slut: human 
smartphone: tool 
snout: part 
sole: part 
songster: human 
sonsy: beautiful 
sorrowfulness: emotion 
soulstirring: able 
sovereignty: Power 
soy: material 
speak: speak 
specialization: affairs 
spectre: humanized 
spiderman: human 
spindle: part 
spit: vomit 
spoonful: NounUnit 
sprinkler: tool 
spurned: suffer 
squanderer: human 
stain: trace 
stamen: part 
stamina: Strength 
standard: Standard 
starlet: human 
state: place 
statistician: human 
steed: livestock 
stewardess: human 
stoop: CausePartMove 
strafe: firing 
stranger: human 
stratagem: plans 
stratum: part 
stroll: walk 
style: Style 
subbranch: InstitutePlace 
subject: part 
submergence: GoDown 
submersion: GoDown 
subscribe: buy 
substructure: part 
subsurface: location 
subway: facilities 
successor: human 
suddenness: Graduality 
suer: human 
suffer: suffer 
suffering: experience 
sugarcane: crop 
suitor: human 
summary: text 
summit: part 
sunshade: tool 
superintendent: human 
superlative: HighRank 
suppress: restrain 
surcharge: propose 
surname: Name 
surprising: able 
surrogate: replace 
suspension: obstruct 
swab: tool 
sweatshop: InstitutePlace 
sweeper: human 
sweltering: hot 
swimmer: human 
switchboard: tool 
swordsman: human 
tablet: tool 
Taian: place 
Taiwan: place 
Taoist: human 
tape: tool 
taster: human 
taxidermy: knowledge 
tech: knowledge 
technical: PropertyValue 
tee: tool 
teller: human 
tendon: part 
term: time 
territory: place 
testing: fact 
text: text 
theatre: InstitutePlace 
their: human 
theirs: human 
thereupon: FuncWord 
they: human 
thriller: shows 
thrilling: able 
throughput: Ability 
thumb: part 
thus: FuncWord 
time: time 
timekeeper: human 
to: FuncWord 
today: time 
Tokyo: place 
tolerate: endure 
tonsil: part 
toothache: painful 
topicality: Property 
torch: tool 
towards: FuncWord 
townee: human 
tracer: human 
trainee: human 
tram: LandVehicle 
trample: damage 
transceiver: tool 
transfer: TakeVehicle 
transform: alter 
transitivity: Property 
transplantability: Ability 
trickster: human 
trigger: part 
trolley: LandVehicle 
trumpeter: human 
truncation: cut 
trustee: human 
tryst: fact 
tuberculosis: disease 
tugboat: ship 
turnover: Amount 
turret: facilities 
tutor: human 
tweak: adjust 
typesetting: PutInOrder 
tyrant: human 
umpire: human 
unbeknown: covert 
uncle: human 
unclothe: StripOff 
underbid: propose 
underdrain: facilities 
underling: human 
underpants: clothing 
undersecretary: human 
understructure: part 
understudy: human 
undertaking: affairs 
undertow: water 
underwear: clothing 
unexpectedly: FuncWord 
unfrequented: inactive 
unload: unload 
unlock: open 
unquiet: chaotic 
unsubstantialise: ize 
unsubstantialize: ize 
until: FuncWord 
urinal: tool 
US: place 
USA: place 
usefulness: Effectivity 
usher: guide 
usurp: steal 
usurpation: steal 
valiantly: brave 
valve: part 
vanquish: defeat 
vendor: human 
vendue: fact 
ventilator: tool 
venue: location 
veranda: part 
vestibule: part 
victim: human 
Victoria: place 
vignette: image 
vintner: human 
violence: fact 
visibility: Ability 
visitant: human 
visitor: human 
vitality: Life 
voracious: acquisitive 
wail: weep 
wait: wait 
waiter: human 
waive: abandon 
warden: human 
warn: tell 
Washington: place 
wastrel: human 
watcher: human 
watchtower: facilities 
waybill: account 
Weblish: language 
weblog: document 
weed: remove 
westerner: human 
whatever: FuncWord 
when: FuncWord 
whether: FuncWord 
whichever: FuncWord 
while: FuncWord 
whom: FuncWord 
windbreaker: clothing 
window: part 
windshield: part 
winnower: tool 
wiper: tool 
wireman: human 
wirer: human 
with: FuncWord 
wither: decline 
woman: human 
Won: money 
woodcutter: human 
worker: human 
worrisome: able 
worth: worth 
writer: human 
Wuxi: place 
Yancheng: place 
Yangcheng: place 
yesterday: time 
yet: FuncWord 
you: human 
young: young 
youngster: human 
your: human 
yours: human 
yuan: Unit 
Zang: human 
Zhaoyuan: place 

assistant: job 
blade: tool part 
boss: human perF 
captain: job 
chancellor: job 
counsellor: job 
crew: human 
Dinar: money 
director: job 
hey: expression UH 
inmate: human 
inspector: job 
lad: human 
lover: human perF 
name: Name 
newcomer: human 
nook: location 
orator: job 
patron: human orgF 
Peso: money 
petitioner: job 
pith: part 
platform: facilities 
player: human 
president: job 
publisher: human org 
ridge: part 
Rouble: money 
secretary: job 
sect: community 
steward: job 
subscriber: human 
supervisor: job 
traitor: human nt 
trunk: part 
valve: implement part  
CFAF: money 
